DM compiler version 512.1453
loading cev_eris.dme
loading interface\skin.dmf
code\modules\client\ui_style.dm:4:error: 'icons/mob/screen/midnight.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\client\ui_style.dm:5:error: 'icons/mob/screen/orange.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\client\ui_style.dm:6:error: 'icons/mob/screen/old.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\client\ui_style.dm:7:error: 'icons/mob/screen/white.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\client\ui_style.dm:8:error: 'icons/mob/screen/old-noborder.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\client\ui_style.dm:9:error: 'icons/mob/screen/minimalist.dmi': cannot find file
code\game\sound.dm:334:error: is_preference_enabled: undefined proc
code\modules\admin\admin_verbs.dm:212:error: preferences_datums: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\adminpm.dm:105:error: /datum/client_preference/holder/play_adminhelp_ping: undefined type path
code\modules\admin\verbs\deadsay.dm:16:error: is_preference_enabled: undefined proc
code\modules\admin\verbs\deadsay.dm:31:error: say_dead_direct: undefined proc
code\modules\admin\verbs\randomverbs.dm:228:error: preferences_datums: undefined var
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:345:error: 'html/spacemag.css': cannot find file
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:348:error: 'html/images/bluentlogo.png': cannot find file
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:349:error: 'html/images/sollogo.png': cannot find file
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:350:error: 'html/images/terralogo.png': cannot find file
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:375:error: CLIENT_MIN_FPS: undefined var
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:375:error: CLIENT_MAX_FPS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\05_settings.dm:108:error: log_error: undefined proc
code\_onclick\click.dm:28:error: CH: undefined var
code\_onclick\click.dm:29:error: CH.mob_check: undefined var
code\_onclick\click.dm:30:error: CH.use_ability: undefined var
code\_onclick\click.dm:30:error: CH.one_use_flag: undefined var
code\_onclick\click.dm:31:error: CH: undefined var
code\_onclick\click.dm:34:error: CH.handler_name: undefined var
code\_onclick\click.dm:35:error: CH: undefined var
code\game\verbs\ooc.dm:18:error: is_preference_enabled: undefined proc
code\game\verbs\ooc.dm:32:error: handle_spam_prevention: undefined proc
code\game\verbs\ooc.dm:81:error: is_preference_enabled: undefined proc
code\game\verbs\ooc.dm:95:error: handle_spam_prevention: undefined proc
code\modules\admin\verbs\adminhelp.dm:44:error: /datum/client_preference/holder/play_adminhelp_ping: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:441:warning: 'html/scales.png': file found only in .rsc
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:1119:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:1119:error: BP_MOUTH: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:1124:error: BP_R_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:1129:error: BP_L_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:1144:error: BP_R_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:1149:error: BP_L_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:60:error: ticket: undefined type: ticket
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:76:error: ticket: undefined type: ticket
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:79:error: client_repository.get_lite_client: undefined var
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:79:error: ticket.close: undefined type: ticket.close
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:152:error: SScharacter_setup.preferences_datums: undefined var
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:205:error: ticket_panels: undefined var
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:206:error: watched_variables_window: undefined var
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:207:error: watched_variables_window.is_processing: undefined var
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:207:error: watched_variables_window: undefined var
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:207:error: watched_variables_window.is_processing: undefined var
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:207:error: watched_variables_window: undefined var
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:207:error: watched_variables_window.is_processing: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\hud.dm:265:error: hud_used: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\pray.dm:24:error: /datum/client_preference/admin/show_chat_prayers: undefined type path
code\modules\admin\verbs\pray.dm:24:error: C.is_preference_enabled: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:386:error: hud_used: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:386:error: hud_used.action_intent: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:387:error: hud_used.action_intent.icon_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:397:error: hud_used: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:397:error: hud_used.action_intent: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:399:error: hud_used.action_intent.icon_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:401:error: hud_used.action_intent.icon_state: undefined var
code\_onclick\click.dm:68:error: client.buildmode: undefined var
code\_onclick\click.dm:69:error: client.buildmode: undefined var
code\_onclick\click.dm:129:error: setMoveCooldown: undefined proc
code\_onclick\click.dm:149:error: setMoveCooldown: undefined proc
code\_onclick\click.dm:214:error: setMoveCooldown: undefined proc
code\_onclick\click.dm:216:error: setMoveCooldown: undefined proc
code\_onclick\click.dm:218:error: setMoveCooldown: undefined proc
code\_onclick\hud\hud.dm:324:error: hud_used: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:176:error: targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:250:error: transforming: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:318:error: transforming: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:715:error: check_CH: undefined proc
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:733:error: check_CH: undefined proc
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:750:error: check_CH: undefined proc
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:771:error: check_CH: undefined proc
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:789:error: check_CH: undefined proc
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:857:error: kill_CH: undefined proc
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:870:error: check_CH: undefined proc
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:905:error: check_CH: undefined proc
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:921:error: check_CH: undefined proc
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:940:error: check_CH: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\death.dm:5:error: ADD_TRANSFORMATION_MOVEMENT_HANDLER: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\death.dm:9:error: remove_from_dead_mob_list: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\death.dm:32:error: ADD_TRANSFORMATION_MOVEMENT_HANDLER: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\death.dm:44:error: remove_from_dead_mob_list: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\death.dm:59:error: reset_plane_and_layer: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\death.dm:84:error: switch_from_living_to_dead_mob_list: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\death.dm:86:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\death.dm:88:error: ticker: undefined var
code\modules\mob\death.dm:88:error: ticker.mode: undefined var
code\modules\mob\death.dm:89:error: ticker.mode.check_win: undefined var
code\modules\mob\hear_say.dm:72:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\mob\hear_say.dm:103:warning: 'sound/effects/radio_chatter.ogg': file found only in .rsc
code\modules\mob\hear_say.dm:135:error: RadioChat: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\hear_say.dm:156:error: /obj/item/clothing/mask/chameleon/voice: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\hear_say.dm:204:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\mob\inventory.dm:221:error: slot_first: undefined var
code\modules\mob\inventory.dm:221:error: slot_last: undefined var
code\modules\mob\logout.dm:19:error: ticker: undefined var
code\modules\mob\logout.dm:19:error: ticker.current_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\logout.dm:21:error: message_staff: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:58:error: VISIBLE_MESSAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:64:error: AUDIBLE_MESSAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:70:error: VISIBLE_MESSAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:185:error: MOVING_DELIBERATELY: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:190:error: SKILL_MAX: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:190:error: SKILL_HAULING: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:190:error: SKILL_MAX: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:190:error: SKILL_MIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:226:error: INCAPACITATION_KNOCKOUT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:229:error: INCAPACITATION_KNOCKOUT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:235:error: INCAPACITATION_KNOCKDOWN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:238:error: INCAPACITATION_STUNNED: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:241:error: INCAPACITATION_FORCELYING: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:244:error: INCAPACITATION_KNOCKOUT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:662:error: SPECIES_IPC: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:746:error: INCAPACITATION_KNOCKDOWN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:752:error: INCAPACITATION_KNOCKDOWN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:777:error: LYING_MOB_PLANE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:780:error: reset_plane_and_layer: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:949:error: INCAPACITATION_FORCELYING: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:976:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:1099:error: ticker: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:1099:error: ticker.looking_for_antags: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:1100:error: ticker.antag_pool: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:1101:error: ticker.antag_pool: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:1104:error: ticker.antag_pool: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:560:error: P: undefined type: P
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:561:error: returnP: undefined type: P
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:601:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/flash: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:690:error: MOB_INPUT_TEXT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:692:error: MOB_INPUT_NUM: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:694:error: MOB_INPUT_MESSAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_movement.dm:5:error: DoMove: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\mob_movement.dm:5:error: MOVEMENT_HANDLED: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_movement.dm:21:error: /datum/movement_handler/mob/delay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\mob_movement.dm:21:error: GetMovementHandler: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\mob_movement.dm:22:error: delay: undefined type: delay
code\modules\mob\mob_movement.dm:23:error: delay.SetDelay: undefined type: delay.SetDelay
code\modules\mob\mob_movement.dm:21:warning: delay: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\mob_movement.dm:26:error: /datum/movement_handler/mob/delay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\mob_movement.dm:26:error: GetMovementHandler: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\mob_movement.dm:27:error: delay: undefined type: delay
code\modules\mob\mob_movement.dm:28:error: delay.AddDelay: undefined type: delay.AddDelay
code\modules\mob\mob_movement.dm:26:warning: delay: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\mob_movement.dm:216:error: SKILL_EVA: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_movement.dm:216:error: SKILL_EXPERT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_movement.dm:230:error: MOVING_DELIBERATELY: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\say.dm:31:error: /decl/communication_channel/dsay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\say.dm:31:error: communicate: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:81:error: sloc: undefined type: sloc
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:82:error: sloc.name: undefined type: sloc.name
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:84:error: sloc.loc: undefined type: sloc.loc
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:84:error: sloc.loc: undefined type: sloc.loc
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:86:error: sloc: undefined type: sloc
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:88:error: tripai: undefined type: tripai
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:89:error: tripai.name: undefined type: tripai.name
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:90:error: tripai.loc: undefined type: tripai.loc
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:90:error: tripai.loc: undefined type: tripai.loc
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:92:error: tripai: undefined type: tripai
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:95:error: sloc: undefined type: sloc
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:96:error: sloc.name: undefined type: sloc.name
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:97:error: sloc: undefined type: sloc
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:272:error: /mob/living/simple_animal/construct/behemoth: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:275:error: /mob/living/simple_animal/construct/armoured: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:278:error: /mob/living/simple_animal/construct/wraith: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:281:error: /mob/living/simple_animal/construct/builder: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:295:error: /mob/living/simple_animal/shade: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:137:error: CORPSE_CAN_REENTER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:144:error: hide_fullscreens: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_verbs.dm:96:error: SKILL_BASIC: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_verbs.dm:96:error: SKILL_EXPERT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_verbs.dm:110:error: SKILL_BASIC: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_verbs.dm:110:error: SKILL_EXPERT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_verbs.dm:154:error: get_value: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_verbs.dm:163:error: SKILL_FINANCE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skillset.dm:79:error: job_master.GetJob: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skillset.dm:94:error: SKILL_BASIC: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skillset.dm:96:error: SKILL_NONE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skillset.dm:99:error: SKILL_DEFAULT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skillset.dm:105:error: SKILL_MAX: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skillset.dm:110:error: SKILL_MIN: undefined var
code\modules\flufftext\Hallucination.dm:25:error: hallucination: undefined var
code\modules\flufftext\Hallucination.dm:26:error: hallucination: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\breathe.dm:23:error: emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\breathe.dm:39:error: STD_BREATH_VOLUME: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\breathe.dm:43:error: ITEM_FLAG_AIRTIGHT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\breathe.dm:54:error: STD_BREATH_VOLUME: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\breathe.dm:80:error: ITEM_FLAG_BLOCK_GAS_SMOKE_EFFECT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\breathe.dm:91:error: returnSTD_BREATH_VOLUME: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:430:error: returnDEVOUR_FAST: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:450:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:469:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SCAN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:481:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SCAN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon_powers.dm:75:error: DEVOUR_FAST: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\hallucinations.dm:17:error: CE_MIND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\hallucinations.dm:21:error: CE_MIND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\hallucinations.dm:23:error: CE_MIND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\hallucinations.dm:25:error: CE_MIND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\hallucinations.dm:26:error: CE_MIND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\hallucinations.dm:38:error: CE_MIND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\hallucinations.dm:38:error: CE_MIND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\viruses.dm:50:error: CE_ANTIVIRAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\viruses.dm:50:error: VIRUS_COMMON: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\human.dm:386:error: all_underwear.Cut: undefined var
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:2:error: HAS_TRANSFORMATION_MOVEMENT_HANDLER: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:9:error: ADD_TRANSFORMATION_MOVEMENT_HANDLER: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:23:error: DEL_TRANSFORMATION_MOVEMENT_HANDLER: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:110:error: HAS_TRANSFORMATION_MOVEMENT_HANDLER: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:116:error: ADD_TRANSFORMATION_MOVEMENT_HANDLER: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:156:error: HAS_TRANSFORMATION_MOVEMENT_HANDLER: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:161:error: ADD_TRANSFORMATION_MOVEMENT_HANDLER: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:189:error: HAS_TRANSFORMATION_MOVEMENT_HANDLER: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:194:error: ADD_TRANSFORMATION_MOVEMENT_HANDLER: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:320:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\hallucinations.dm:268:error: CE_MIND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\appearance.dm:130:error: HAS_A_SKIN_TONE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\appearance.dm:149:error: SPECIES_IS_RESTRICTED: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\death.dm:90:error: ORGAN_DISFIGURED: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\death.dm:110:error: ORGAN_DISFIGURED: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:169:error: /obj/item/weapon/implant/loyalty: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:179:error: /obj/item/weapon/implant/loyalty: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:301:error: ORGAN_DISFIGURED: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:561:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:640:error: custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:646:error: GLUT_PROJECTILE_VOMIT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:701:error: /datum/sprite_accessory/hair: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:701:error: /datum/sprite_accessory/hair: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:707:error: H.name: undefined type: H.name
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:708:error: H: undefined type: H
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:717:error: /datum/sprite_accessory/facial_hair: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:717:error: /datum/sprite_accessory/facial_hair: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:722:error: H.name: undefined type: H.name
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:723:error: H: undefined type: H
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:850:error: BP_LUNGS: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:854:error: BP_LUNGS: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:930:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:989:error: SPECIES_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:996:error: SPECIES_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1014:error: all_grabobjects: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1070:error: InitializeHud: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1077:error: ALL_CULTURAL_TAGS: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1091:error: slot_first: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1091:error: slot_last: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1361:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1385:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1517:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1519:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1609:error: SSculture.get_culture: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:339:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:224:error: ATOM_FLAG_NO_BLOOD: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:286:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:121:error: COLD_LEVEL_1: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:122:error: SYNTH_COLD_LEVEL_1: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:123:error: COLD_LEVEL_2: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:124:error: SYNTH_COLD_LEVEL_2: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:125:error: COLD_LEVEL_3: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:126:error: SYNTH_COLD_LEVEL_3: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:127:error: HEAT_LEVEL_1: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:128:error: SYNTH_HEAT_LEVEL_1: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:129:error: HEAT_LEVEL_2: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:130:error: SYNTH_HEAT_LEVEL_2: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:131:error: HEAT_LEVEL_3: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:132:error: SYNTH_HEAT_LEVEL_3: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:167:error: is_below_sound_pressure: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:175:error: is_below_sound_pressure: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:179:error: EFFECTS_ABOVE_LIGHTING_PLANE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:180:error: BEAM_PROJECTILE_LAYER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:181:error: WORLD_ICON_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:182:error: WORLD_ICON_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:183:error: show_image: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:227:error: all_grabobjects: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:283:error: LAZYISIN: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:298:error: map: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_movement.dm:150:error: SKILL_HAULING: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_organs.dm:2:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_organs.dm:80:error: BP_L_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_organs.dm:80:error: BP_R_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_organs.dm:114:error: emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_organs.dm:115:error: VISIBLE_MESSAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_organs.dm:115:error: custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_organs.dm:124:error: BP_L_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_organs.dm:132:error: BP_R_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_organs.dm:144:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_GRASP: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_organs.dm:153:error: FOOT_LEFT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_organs.dm:153:error: FOOT_RIGHT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_organs.dm:164:error: HAND_LEFT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_organs.dm:166:error: HAND_RIGHT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_powers.dm:19:error: HAIR_TIEABLE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_powers.dm:26:error: HAIR_TIEABLE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_powers.dm:27:error: valid_hairstyles.Add: undefined type: valid_hairstyles.Add
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_powers.dm:28:error: valid_hairstyles: undefined type: valid_hairstyles
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_skin.dm:5:error: SKIN_THREAT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_skin.dm:6:error: SKIN_NORMAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\inventory.dm:81:error: BP_L_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\inventory.dm:81:error: BP_R_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\inventory.dm:83:error: BP_L_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\inventory.dm:83:error: BP_R_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\inventory.dm:85:error: BP_L_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\inventory.dm:87:error: BP_R_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\inventory.dm:100:error: BP_L_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\inventory.dm:100:error: BP_R_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\inventory.dm:104:error: BP_L_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\inventory.dm:104:error: BP_R_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\inventory.dm:117:error: slot_tie: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:118:error: ITEM_FLAG_STOPPRESSUREDAMAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:118:error: ITEM_FLAG_STOPPRESSUREDAMAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:501:error: FOOT_LEFT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:502:error: THERMAL_PROTECTION_FOOT_LEFT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:503:error: FOOT_RIGHT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:504:error: THERMAL_PROTECTION_FOOT_RIGHT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:509:error: HAND_LEFT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:510:error: THERMAL_PROTECTION_HAND_LEFT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:511:error: HAND_RIGHT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:512:error: THERMAL_PROTECTION_HAND_RIGHT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:545:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:546:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:1007:error: job_master.GetJob: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:1035:error: IMPLOYAL_HUD: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:1040:error: IMPLOYAL_HUD: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:1051:error: /obj/item/weapon/implant/loyalty: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:1057:error: IMPLOYAL_HUD: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\stripping.dm:64:error: isunderwear: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:282:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:344:error: UNDER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:375:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:384:error: UW.icon: undefined type: UW.icon
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:384:error: UW.icon_state: undefined type: UW.icon_state
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:386:error: UW.color: undefined type: UW.color
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:391:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:401:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:407:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:413:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:418:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:683:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:691:error: 'icons/effects/species.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:697:error: 'icons/effects/species.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:730:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:736:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:742:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:751:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:757:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:770:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:791:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\blood.dm:16:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\organs\blood.dm:97:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\organs\blood.dm:202:error: SPECIES_BLOOD_DEFAULT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\blood.dm:275:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\organs\blood.dm:289:error: CE_BLOCKAGE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\blood.dm:290:error: CE_BLOCKAGE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\blood.dm:302:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_SURVIVE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\blood.dm:311:error: CE_OXYGENATED: undefined var
code\modules\organs\blood.dm:313:error: CE_OXYGENATED: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\stack.dm:4:error: BP_STACK: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_powers.dm:14:error: BP_PLASMA: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_powers.dm:23:error: BP_PLASMA: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_powers.dm:65:error: BP_PLASMA: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_powers.dm:73:error: BP_PLASMA: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_powers.dm:95:error: BP_EGG: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_powers.dm:122:error: BP_RESIN: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_powers.dm:156:error: BP_ACID: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_powers.dm:167:error: BP_ACID: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_powers.dm:188:error: BP_RESIN: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\appearance_testing.dm:105:error: eyes_color: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:33:error: update_emotes: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:531:error: SPECIES_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:622:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:630:error: admin_victim_log: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:634:error: admin_victim_log: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:48:error: HAS_TRANSFORMATION_MOVEMENT_HANDLER: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:217:error: HAS_TRANSFORMATION_MOVEMENT_HANDLER: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:223:error: ADD_TRANSFORMATION_MOVEMENT_HANDLER: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\death.dm:34:error: BP_STACK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\death.dm:65:error: ticker: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\death.dm:65:error: ticker.mode: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\death.dm:67:error: ticker.mode.check_win: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:90:error: SYNTH_BLOOD_COLOUR: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:100:error: SYNTH_BLOOD_COLOUR: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:145:error: ORGAN_DISFIGURED: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:184:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:227:error: ITEM_FLAG_THICKMATERIAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:237:error: BP_IS_ASSISTED: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:275:error: HUD_SECURITY: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:293:error: HUD_MEDICAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:30:error: TAG_CULTURE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:30:error: SSculture.get_culture: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:37:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:37:error: 'icons/mob/hud_med.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:38:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:39:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:40:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:41:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:42:error: IMPLOYAL_HUD: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:42:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:43:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:44:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:45:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:46:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:85:error: BP_PLASMA: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:89:error: BP_CELL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:143:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:242:error: UW: undefined type: UW
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:242:error: UW: undefined type: UW
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:330:error: BP_L_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:330:error: BP_R_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:343:error: BP_L_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:343:error: BP_R_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:347:error: BP_L_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:347:error: BP_L_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:348:error: BP_L_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:349:error: BP_R_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:349:error: BP_R_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:350:error: BP_R_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:405:error: HUD_SECURITY: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:421:error: HUD_SECURITY: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:437:error: HUD_SECURITY: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:448:error: HUD_SECURITY: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:457:error: HUD_MEDICAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:470:error: HUD_MEDICAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:485:error: HUD_MEDICAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:497:error: HUD_MEDICAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:543:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:544:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:553:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/flash: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:554:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:555:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:825:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:873:error: BP_L_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:873:error: BP_R_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1205:error: ITEM_FLAG_THICKMATERIAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1235:error: HANDS: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1239:error: FEET: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1254:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SCAN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1261:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SCAN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1268:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1269:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1275:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1276:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1282:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SLIP: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1282:error: ITEM_FLAG_NOSLIP: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1408:error: returnDEVOUR_SLOW: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1410:error: returnDEVOUR_SLOW: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1412:error: returnDEVOUR_FAST: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1417:error: GLUT_ITEM_TINY: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1418:error: returnDEVOUR_SLOW: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1419:error: GLUT_ITEM_NORMAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1420:error: returnDEVOUR_SLOW: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1421:error: GLUT_ITEM_ANYTHING: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1422:error: returnDEVOUR_FAST: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1428:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1428:error: BP_LUNGS: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1430:error: BP_LIVER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1430:error: BP_KIDNEYS: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1444:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1448:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1564:error: SKILL_WEAPONS: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1564:error: SKILL_ADEPT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1572:error: SKILL_WEAPONS: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1572:error: SKILL_ADEPT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1574:error: SKILL_WEAPONS: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1574:error: SKILL_EXPERT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1576:error: SKILL_WEAPONS: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1576:error: SKILL_PROF: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1585:error: STD_BREATH_VOLUME: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1588:error: BP_LUNGS: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1591:error: BP_LUNGS: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_attackhand.dm:25:error: BP_R_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_attackhand.dm:27:error: BP_L_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_attackhand.dm:57:error: PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_attackhand.dm:90:error: SKILL_EXPERT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_attackhand.dm:90:error: SKILL_ANATOMY: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_attackhand.dm:95:error: SKILL_ANATOMY: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_attackhand.dm:162:error: MayMove: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_attackhand.dm:169:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_BLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:18:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:19:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:25:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:26:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:33:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:34:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:172:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_POISON: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:180:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_POISON: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:186:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_POISON: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:192:error: CE_ANTITOX: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:193:error: CE_ANTITOX: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:198:error: BP_KIDNEYS: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:202:error: BP_LIVER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:209:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:287:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:287:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:320:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:320:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:348:error: BP_BY_DEPTH: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:377:error: PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:388:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:401:error: PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:425:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:425:error: RAD_LEVEL_LOW: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:30:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_EMBED: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:39:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:126:error: ITEM_FLAG_FLEXIBLEMATERIAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:147:error: SKILL_COMBAT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:198:error: PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:297:error: ORGAN_SABOTAGED: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:301:error: ORGAN_SABOTAGED: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:357:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:357:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:373:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:458:error: THERMAL_PROTECTION_FOOT_LEFT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:458:error: THERMAL_PROTECTION_FOOT_RIGHT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:460:error: THERMAL_PROTECTION_HAND_LEFT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:460:error: THERMAL_PROTECTION_HAND_RIGHT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:474:error: FEET: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:478:error: HANDS: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defines.dm:2:error: HUMAN_PLANE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:210:error: HIDING_MOB_PLANE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:211:error: HIDING_MOB_LAYER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:213:error: LYING_HUMAN_PLANE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:214:error: LYING_HUMAN_LAYER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_movement.dm:10:error: SKILL_EVA: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_movement.dm:10:error: SKILL_PROF: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_movement.dm:20:error: CE_SLOWDOWN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_movement.dm:21:error: CE_SLOWDOWN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_movement.dm:30:error: BP_L_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_movement.dm:30:error: BP_R_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_movement.dm:40:error: slot_first: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_movement.dm:40:error: slot_last: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_movement.dm:57:error: BP_L_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_movement.dm:57:error: BP_R_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_movement.dm:113:error: SKILL_EVA: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_movement.dm:113:error: SKILL_ADEPT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_movement.dm:135:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SLIP: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_movement.dm:137:error: ITEM_FLAG_NOSLIP: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_organs.dm:218:error: BP_CELL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_organs.dm:222:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_organs.dm:223:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_skin.dm:2:error: SKIN_NORMAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_skin.dm:2:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_species.dm:12:error: add_to_living_mob_list: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_species.dm:15:error: add_to_dead_mob_list: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_species.dm:21:error: InitializeHud: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_species.dm:26:error: SPECIES_SKRELL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_species.dm:30:error: SPECIES_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_species.dm:34:error: SPECIES_VOX: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_species.dm:37:error: SPECIES_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_species.dm:40:error: SPECIES_IPC: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_species.dm:44:error: SPECIES_NABBER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\npcs.dm:7:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/punpun: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\npcs.dm:10:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/punpants: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\npcs.dm:11:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/toggleable/hawaii/random: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_species.dm:59:error: SPECIES_ADHERENT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\inventory.dm:155:error: ITEM_FLAG_AIRTIGHT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\inventory.dm:182:error: ITEM_FLAG_AIRTIGHT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\inventory.dm:339:error: slot_tie: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:46:error: HAS_TRANSFORMATION_MOVEMENT_HANDLER: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:185:error: emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:203:error: RADIATION_GLOWS: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:206:error: RADIATION_GLOWS: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:238:error: emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:239:error: SPECIES_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:255:error: emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:271:error: ITEM_FLAG_BLOCK_GAS_SMOKE_EFFECT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:273:error: ITEM_FLAG_BLOCK_GAS_SMOKE_EFFECT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:275:error: ITEM_FLAG_BLOCK_GAS_SMOKE_EFFECT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:287:error: STD_BREATH_VOLUME: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:296:error: ITEM_FLAG_AIRTIGHT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:296:error: ITEM_FLAG_AIRTIGHT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:320:error: SPACERES: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:341:error: get_thermal_radiation: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:369:error: HEAT_LEVEL_1: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:374:error: HEAT_LEVEL_2: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:376:error: HEAT_LEVEL_3: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:383:error: COLD_LEVEL_1: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:389:error: COLD_LEVEL_2: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:391:error: COLD_LEVEL_3: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:395:error: STASIS_COLD: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:396:error: CE_CRYO: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:595:error: emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:597:error: emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:677:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/crit: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:677:error: overlay_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:679:error: clear_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:691:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/oxy: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:691:error: overlay_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:693:error: clear_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:707:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/brute: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:707:error: overlay_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:709:error: clear_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:733:error: 'icons/mob/screen1_health.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:737:error: 'icons/mob/screen1_health.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:741:error: 'icons/mob/screen1_health.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:743:error: 'icons/mob/screen1_health.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:745:error: 'icons/mob/screen1_health.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:758:error: BP_CELL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:793:error: HEAT_LEVEL_1: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:793:error: COLD_LEVEL_1: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:797:error: HEAT_LEVEL_1: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:799:error: HEAT_LEVEL_1: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:811:error: COLD_LEVEL_1: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:813:error: COLD_LEVEL_1: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:828:error: BP_LIVER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:828:error: BP_KIDNEYS: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:834:error: CE_TOXIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\npcs.dm:39:error: outfit_by_type: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:203:error: ANIM_LYING_TIME: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:238:error: SYNTH_BLOOD_COLOUR: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:253:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:448:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:453:error: /datum/movement_handler/mob/transformation: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:453:error: HasMovementHandler: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:479:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:493:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:500:error: slot_wear_id_str: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:508:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:512:error: slot_gloves_str: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:520:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:524:error: slot_glasses_str: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:530:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:536:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:543:error: slot_l_ear_str: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:545:error: slot_r_ear_str: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:551:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:555:error: slot_shoes_str: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:563:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:567:error: slot_s_store_str: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:571:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:579:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:583:error: slot_belt_str: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:589:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:606:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:610:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:614:error: slot_wear_mask_str: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:618:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:627:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:633:error: hud_used: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:634:error: hud_used.hidden_inventory_update: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:638:error: slot_handcuffed_str: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:642:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:656:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:670:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:779:error: queue_icon_update: undefined proc
code\modules\multiz\movement.dm:116:error: incorporeal_move: undefined var
code\modules\organs\blood.dm:125:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\organs\blood.dm:157:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\alien.dm:7:error: PASS_FLAG_TABLE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\life.dm:7:error: HAS_TRANSFORMATION_MOVEMENT_HANDLER: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\life.dm:109:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/blind: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\life.dm:109:error: overlay_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\life.dm:111:error: clear_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\life.dm:112:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/impaired: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\life.dm:112:error: set_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\life.dm:113:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/blurry: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\life.dm:113:error: set_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\life.dm:114:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/high: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\life.dm:114:error: set_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\say.dm:16:error: emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\_nymph.dm:9:error: 'icons/mob/gestalt.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\_nymph.dm:16:error: LANGUAGE_ROOTLOCAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\_nymph.dm:17:error: LANGUAGE_ROOTLOCAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\_nymph.dm:29:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\_nymph.dm:29:error: ATOM_FLAG_NO_REACT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\_nymph.dm:30:error: hud_type: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\_nymph.dm:62:error: SPECIES_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\_nymph.dm:63:error: LANGUAGE_ROOTGLOBAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\_nymph.dm:64:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\_nymph.dm:67:error: EYE_GLOW_LAYER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\_nymph.dm:68:error: EFFECTS_ABOVE_LIGHTING_PLANE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_attacks.dm:2:error: SPECIES_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_gestalting.dm:26:error: SPECIES_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\xenobiological\life.dm:5:error: HAS_TRANSFORMATION_MOVEMENT_HANDLER: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\xenobiological\life.dm:149:error: SLIME_EVOLUTION_THRESHOLD: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\xenobiological\powers.dm:30:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_POISON: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\xenobiological\powers.dm:30:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SCAN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\xenobiological\powers.dm:55:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\xenobiological\slime_AI.dm:106:error: SPECIES_PROMETHEAN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\xenobiological\slime_AI.dm:124:error: SLIME_EVOLUTION_THRESHOLD: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\xenobiological\slime_AI.dm:285:error: emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\xenobiological\powers.dm:132:error: SLIME_EVOLUTION_THRESHOLD: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\xenobiological\powers.dm:152:error: SLIME_EVOLUTION_THRESHOLD: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\xenobiological\powers.dm:168:error: feedback_add_details: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\xenobiological\say.dm:8:error: emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\xenobiological\xenobiological.dm:5:error: PASS_FLAG_TABLE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\brain\life.dm:117:error: emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\brain\life.dm:133:error: emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\brain\life.dm:145:error: emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\brain\life.dm:181:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/blind: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\brain\life.dm:181:error: overlay_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\brain\life.dm:183:error: clear_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\brain\life.dm:184:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/impaired: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\brain\life.dm:184:error: set_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\brain\life.dm:185:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/blurry: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\brain\life.dm:185:error: set_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\brain\life.dm:186:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/high: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\brain\life.dm:186:error: set_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\doors\airlock.dm:1057:error: emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:56:error: HAS_TRANSFORMATION_MOVEMENT_HANDLER: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:60:error: ADD_TRANSFORMATION_MOVEMENT_HANDLER: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:35:error: MOVE_INTENT_EXERTIVE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:37:error: MOVE_INTENT_EXERTIVE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:83:error: BP_R_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:85:error: BP_L_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:148:error: hud_used.l_hand_hud_object: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:148:error: hud_used.r_hand_hud_object: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:150:error: hud_used.l_hand_hud_object.icon_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:151:error: hud_used.r_hand_hud_object.icon_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:153:error: hud_used.l_hand_hud_object.icon_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:154:error: hud_used.r_hand_hud_object.icon_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:240:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/flash: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:313:error: SKILL_HAULING: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:313:error: SKILL_MAX: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:320:error: SKILL_HAULING: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:320:error: SKILL_MIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:320:error: SKILL_MAX: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:320:error: SKILL_MIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon_defense.dm:13:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon_defense.dm:13:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon_defense.dm:19:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon_defense.dm:22:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\resist.dm:21:error: /obj/effect/vine: undefined type path
code\_onclick\ai.dm:13:error: client.buildmode: undefined var
code\_onclick\ai.dm:14:error: client.buildmode: undefined var
code\_onclick\ai.dm:30:error: client.buildmode: undefined var
code\_onclick\ai.dm:31:error: client.buildmode: undefined var
code\_onclick\ai.dm:64:error: aiCamera.in_camera_mode: undefined var
code\_onclick\ai.dm:65:error: aiCamera.camera_mode_off: undefined var
code\_onclick\ai.dm:66:error: aiCamera.captureimage: undefined var
code\game\mecha\equipment\tools\ai_holder.dm:76:error: controlled_mech: undefined var
code\game\mecha\equipment\tools\ai_holder.dm:78:error: controlled_mech: undefined var
code\game\mecha\equipment\tools\ai_holder.dm:79:error: controlled_mech.go_out: undefined var
code\game\mecha\equipment\tools\ai_holder.dm:81:error: controlled_mech: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:235:error: LAZYSET: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:237:error: CUSTOM_ITEM_SYNTH_CONFIG: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:267:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:285:error: has_power: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:292:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:381:error: Centcomm_announce: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:544:error: HOLOPAD_LONG_RANGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:550:error: /decl/ai_holo: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:556:error: choice: undefined type: choice
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:559:error: choice.icon: undefined type: choice.icon
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:559:error: choice.icon_state: undefined type: choice.icon_state
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:559:error: choice.bypass_colorize: undefined type: choice.bypass_colorize
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:560:error: choice.icon: undefined type: choice.icon
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:560:error: choice.icon_state: undefined type: choice.icon_state
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:560:error: choice.bypass_colorize: undefined type: choice.bypass_colorize
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:560:error: HOLOPAD_LONG_RANGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:561:error: choice.requires_malf: undefined type: choice.requires_malf
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:666:error: has_power: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\malf.dm:17:error: log_ability_use: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\malf.dm:27:error: log_ability_use: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\malf.dm:96:error: hardware_integrity: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\malf.dm:102:error: log_ability_use: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\malf.dm:114:error: log_ability_use: undefined proc
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:1449:error: common_radio: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\say.dm:22:error: has_power: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:51:error: /obj/effect/rune: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:136:error: 'icons/mob/hologram.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:137:error: 'icons/mob/hologram.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:137:error: HOLOPAD_LONG_RANGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:142:error: aiMulti: undefined type: aiMulti
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:151:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:152:error: LANGUAGE_EAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:153:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:154:error: LANGUAGE_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:155:error: LANGUAGE_SKRELLIAN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:156:error: LANGUAGE_LUNAR: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:157:error: LANGUAGE_GUTTER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:158:error: LANGUAGE_SIGN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:159:error: LANGUAGE_INDEPENDENT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:160:error: LANGUAGE_SPACER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:171:error: create_powersupply: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:173:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:174:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:175:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:176:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:177:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:178:error: IMPLOYAL_HUD: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:178:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:179:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:180:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:181:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:225:error: psupply: undefined type: psupply
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:225:error: psupply: undefined type: psupply
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:225:error: psupply: undefined type: psupply
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:226:error: aiMulti: undefined type: aiMulti
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:226:error: aiMulti: undefined type: aiMulti
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:226:error: aiMulti: undefined type: aiMulti
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:610:error: /obj/item/weapon/aicard: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:700:error: has_power: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai_movement.dm:2:error: movement_handlers: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai_movement.dm:3:error: /datum/movement_handler/mob/relayed_movement: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai_movement.dm:4:error: /datum/movement_handler/mob/death: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai_movement.dm:5:error: /datum/movement_handler/mob/conscious: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai_movement.dm:6:error: /datum/movement_handler/mob/eye: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai_movement.dm:7:error: /datum/movement_handler/move_relay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\death.dm:16:error: /obj/item/weapon/aicard: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\examine.dm:20:error: has_power: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\life.dm:11:error: hardware_integrity: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\life.dm:11:error: backup_capacitor: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\life.dm:16:error: psupply: undefined type: psupply
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\life.dm:17:error: create_powersupply: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\life.dm:24:error: hardware_integrity: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\life.dm:29:error: has_power: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\life.dm:31:error: AI_RESTOREPOWER_IDLE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\life.dm:32:error: AI_RESTOREPOWER_STARTING: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\life.dm:34:error: handle_power_failure: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\life.dm:37:error: update_power_usage: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\life.dm:38:error: handle_power_oxyloss: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\life.dm:51:error: has_power: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\life.dm:52:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\life.dm:53:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/blind: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\life.dm:53:error: overlay_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\life.dm:58:error: clear_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\malf.dm:119:error: hardware_integrity: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\malf.dm:120:error: backup_capacitor: undefined proc
code\modules\nano\interaction\base.dm:25:error: has_power: undefined proc
code\modules\tgui\states.dm:61:error: has_power: undefined proc
code\_onclick\cyborg.dm:14:error: client.buildmode: undefined var
code\_onclick\cyborg.dm:15:error: client.buildmode: undefined var
code\_onclick\cyborg.dm:43:error: aiCamera.in_camera_mode: undefined var
code\_onclick\cyborg.dm:44:error: aiCamera.camera_mode_off: undefined var
code\_onclick\cyborg.dm:46:error: aiCamera.captureimage: undefined var
code\_onclick\cyborg.dm:117:error: grippersafety: undefined proc
code\_onclick\cyborg.dm:127:error: grippersafety: undefined proc
code\_onclick\cyborg.dm:130:error: grippersafety: undefined proc
code\_onclick\cyborg.dm:141:error: grippersafety: undefined proc
code\_onclick\cyborg.dm:144:error: grippersafety: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\inventory.dm:54:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\inventory.dm:86:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\inventory.dm:97:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\life.dm:299:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:248:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:1009:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\preset.dm:10:error: /obj/item/device/radio/borg/syndicate: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\preset.dm:12:error: /obj/item/weapon/cell/super: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:354:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\life.dm:5:error: HAS_TRANSFORMATION_MOVEMENT_HANDLER: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\life.dm:242:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/blind: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\life.dm:242:error: overlay_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\life.dm:244:error: clear_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\life.dm:245:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/impaired: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\life.dm:245:error: set_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\life.dm:246:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/blurry: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\life.dm:246:error: set_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\life.dm:247:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/high: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\life.dm:247:error: set_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\preset.dm:21:error: /obj/item/weapon/cell/super: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\preset.dm:26:error: /obj/item/weapon/card/id/centcom/ERT: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\preset.dm:27:error: /obj/item/device/radio/borg/ert: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:53:error: /obj/item/weapon/cell/high: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:106:error: LANGUAGE_EAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:116:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:121:error: NETWORK_EXODUS: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:145:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:146:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:147:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:148:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:149:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:150:error: IMPLOYAL_HUD: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:150:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:151:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:152:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:153:error: /image/hud_overlay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:157:error: /datum/movement_handler/robot/use_power: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:157:error: /datum/movement_handler/mob/space: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:157:error: AddMovementHandler: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:486:error: /obj/item/inducer: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:548:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:559:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/robot_suit: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:560:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/l_leg: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:561:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/r_leg: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:562:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/l_arm: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:563:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/r_arm: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:565:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/chest: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:601:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:644:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:646:error: /obj/item/weapon/screwdriver: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:651:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:667:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:670:error: /obj/item/borg/upgrade/: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:688:error: /obj/item/device/healthanalyzer: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:720:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:770:error: EFFECTS_ABOVE_LIGHTING_PLANE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:771:error: EYE_GLOW_LAYER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:922:error: /obj/effect/rune: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:1135:error: D: undefined type: D
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:1136:error: D: undefined type: D
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:1139:error: /obj/item/weapon/pickaxe/diamonddrill: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:1141:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:1149:error: INCAPACITATION_FORCELYING: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:1151:error: INCAPACITATION_KNOCKOUT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone.dm:32:error: PASS_FLAG_TABLE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone.dm:193:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone.dm:144:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone.dm:205:error: /obj/item/borg/upgrade/: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone_say.dm:14:error: emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\pai.dm:80:error: NO_ANTAG: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\pai.dm:85:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\pai.dm:201:error: /obj/item/integrated_circuit/manipulation/ai/: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\silicon.dm:365:error: job_master.FreeRole: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\silicon.dm:371:error: clear_antag_roles: undefined proc
code\modules\paperwork\silicon_photography.dm:159:error: aiCamera: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\silicon_photography.dm:161:error: aiCamera.selectpicture: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\silicon.dm:42:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\silicon.dm:43:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\silicon.dm:273:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\silicon.dm:376:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/flash: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\decoy\decoy.dm:6:error: movement_handlers: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\decoy\decoy.dm:6:error: /datum/movement_handler/no_move: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\decoy\decoy.dm:14:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\decoy\decoy.dm:14:error: ATOM_FLAG_INITIALIZED: undefined var
code\_onclick\item_attack.dm:57:error: do_surgery: undefined proc
code\_onclick\other_mobs.dm:176:error: custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\corgi.dm:26:error: PASS_FLAG_TABLE: undefined var
code\game\modules\ventcrawl\ventcrawl.dm:66:error: held_item: undefined var
code\game\modules\ventcrawl\ventcrawl.dm:66:error: radio: undefined var
code\game\modules\ventcrawl\ventcrawl.dm:66:error: connected_ai: undefined var
code\game\modules\ventcrawl\ventcrawl.dm:66:error: cell: undefined var
code\game\modules\ventcrawl\ventcrawl.dm:66:error: camera: undefined var
code\game\modules\ventcrawl\ventcrawl.dm:66:error: mmi: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\carp.dm:37:error: PASS_FLAG_TABLE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\carp.dm:45:error: custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\farm_animals.dm:51:error: /obj/effect/vine: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\farm_animals.dm:65:error: food: undefined type: food
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\farm_animals.dm:65:error: /obj/effect/vine: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\farm_animals.dm:66:error: food: undefined type: food
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\farm_animals.dm:67:error: food: undefined type: food
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\retaliate\drone.dm:52:error: ion_trail: undefined type: ion_trail
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\retaliate\drone.dm:52:error: /datum/effect/effect/system/trail/ion: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\retaliate\drone.dm:53:error: ion_trail.set_up: undefined type: ion_trail.set_up
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\retaliate\drone.dm:54:error: ion_trail.start: undefined type: ion_trail.start
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\bat.dm:42:error: emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\bat.dm:61:error: cultify: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\bear.dm:77:error: custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\bear.dm:88:error: custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\bear.dm:113:error: custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\bear.dm:122:error: custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\bear.dm:128:error: BP_L_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\bear.dm:128:error: BP_R_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\bear.dm:130:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\bear.dm:130:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\creature.dm:25:error: cultify: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\hivebot.dm:17:error: 'sound/weapons/gunshot/gunshot_pistol.ogg': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\hivebot.dm:25:error: SYNTH_BLOOD_COLOUR: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\hostile.dm:236:error: /obj/structure/wall_frame: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\hostile.dm:155:error: HOSTILE_STANCE_INSIDE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\hostile.dm:158:error: HOSTILE_STANCE_INSIDE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\hostile.dm:159:error: HOSTILE_STANCE_INSIDE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\hostile.dm:167:error: INCAPACITATION_KNOCKOUT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\hostile.dm:173:error: INCAPACITATION_KNOCKOUT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\hostile.dm:180:error: INCAPACITATION_KNOCKOUT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\mimic.dm:51:error: PASS_FLAG_TABLE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\pirate.dm:25:error: /obj/effect/landmark/corpse/pirate: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\pirate.dm:25:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\pirate.dm:39:error: /obj/effect/landmark/corpse/pirate/ranged: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\russian.dm:23:error: /obj/effect/landmark/corpse/russian: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\russian.dm:23:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\russian.dm:33:error: /obj/effect/landmark/corpse/russian/ranged: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\russian.dm:37:error: 'sound/weapons/gunshot/gunshot2.ogg': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\syndicate.dm:23:error: /obj/effect/landmark/corpse/syndicate: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\syndicate.dm:23:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\syndicate.dm:58:error: PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\syndicate.dm:86:error: /obj/effect/landmark/corpse/syndicate: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\syndicate.dm:95:error: 'sound/weapons/gunshot/gunshot_smg.ogg': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\syndicate.dm:96:error: /obj/item/projectile/bullet/pistol/medium: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\syndicate.dm:107:error: /obj/effect/landmark/corpse/syndicate/commando: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\syndicate.dm:116:error: PASS_FLAG_TABLE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\commanded\bear_companion.dm:39:error: COMMANDED_MISC: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\commanded\bear_companion.dm:45:error: COMMANDED_MISC: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\commanded\bear_companion.dm:50:error: COMMANDED_MISC: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\commanded\bear_companion.dm:66:error: COMMANDED_STOP: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\commanded\commanded.dm:3:error: COMMANDED_STOP: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\commanded\commanded.dm:37:error: COMMANDED_FOLLOW: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\commanded\commanded.dm:39:error: COMMANDED_STOP: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\commanded\commanded.dm:142:error: COMMANDED_STOP: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\commanded\commanded.dm:158:error: COMMANDED_FOLLOW: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\commanded\commanded.dm:165:error: COMMANDED_FOLLOW: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\parrot.dm:35:error: PASS_FLAG_TABLE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\parrot.dm:82:error: /obj/structure/fountain: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\parrot.dm:361:error: isitem: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\parrot.dm:401:error: isitem: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\parrot.dm:476:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\parrot.dm:476:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\parrot.dm:512:error: isitem: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\parrot.dm:539:error: isitem: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\simple_animal.dm:75:error: living_observers_present: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\simple_animal.dm:81:error: switch_from_dead_to_living_mob_list: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\simple_animal.dm:148:error: SPACERES: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\simple_animal.dm:191:error: custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\simple_animal.dm:194:error: custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\simple_animal.dm:271:error: PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\simple_animal.dm:275:error: /obj/item/weapon/nullrod: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\simple_animal.dm:303:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\simple_animal.dm:326:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\simple_animal.dm:399:error: is_burnable: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\worm.dm:96:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\worm.dm:110:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\worm.dm:172:error: /obj/item/stack/material/phoron: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\worm.dm:174:error: /obj/item/stack/material/phoron: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\worm.dm:179:error: /obj/item/stack/material/phoron: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\worm.dm:183:error: /obj/item/stack/material/phoron: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\borer\borer.dm:21:error: PASS_FLAG_TABLE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\borer\borer_powers.dm:193:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\borer\borer_powers.dm:88:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\borer\borer_powers.dm:124:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\borer\say.dm:21:error: emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\cat.dm:28:error: PASS_FLAG_TABLE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\crab.dm:25:error: PASS_FLAG_TABLE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\farm_animals.dm:171:error: PASS_FLAG_TABLE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\farm_animals.dm:171:error: PASS_FLAG_GRILLE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\farm_animals.dm:213:error: PASS_FLAG_TABLE: undefined var
cev_eris.dme:1678:error: PASS_FLAG_TABLE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\mouse.dm:13:error: PASS_FLAG_TABLE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\mushroom.dm:21:error: PASS_FLAG_TABLE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\slime.dm:16:error: PASS_FLAG_TABLE: undefined var
cev_eris.dme:1682:error: PASS_FLAG_TABLE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\damage_procs.dm:15:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\damage_procs.dm:18:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\damage_procs.dm:20:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\damage_procs.dm:22:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\damage_procs.dm:24:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\damage_procs.dm:25:error: PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\damage_procs.dm:26:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\damage_procs.dm:27:error: ELECTROCUTE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\damage_procs.dm:41:error: PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\damage_procs.dm:50:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\damage_procs.dm:52:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\damage_procs.dm:54:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\damage_procs.dm:55:error: PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\damage_procs.dm:56:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\damage_procs.dm:58:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\damage_procs.dm:61:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\damage_procs.dm:63:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\damage_procs.dm:65:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\damage_procs.dm:79:error: PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\life.dm:173:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/blind: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\life.dm:173:error: overlay_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\life.dm:175:error: clear_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\life.dm:176:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/impaired: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\life.dm:176:error: set_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\life.dm:177:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/blurry: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\life.dm:177:error: set_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\life.dm:178:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/high: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\life.dm:178:error: set_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\life.dm:180:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/blackout: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\life.dm:180:error: set_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:359:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:359:error: BP_MOUTH: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:442:error: switch_from_dead_to_living_mob_list: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:456:error: reload_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:621:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/storage/holster: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:621:error: /obj/item/weapon/storage/belt/holster: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:622:error: /datum/extension/holster: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:628:error: /obj/machinery/cooker: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:743:error: round_is_spooky: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:768:error: aura: undefined type: aura
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:773:error: aura: undefined type: aura
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:23:error: ARMOR_BLOCK_CHANCE_MULT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:98:error: AURA_TYPE_WEAPON: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:99:error: aura.attackby: undefined type: aura.attackby
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:100:error: AURA_TYPE_BULLET: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:101:error: aura.bullet_act: undefined type: aura.bullet_act
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:102:error: AURA_TYPE_THROWN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:103:error: aura.hitby: undefined type: aura.hitby
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:104:error: AURA_TYPE_LIFE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:105:error: aura.life_tick: undefined type: aura.life_tick
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:106:error: AURA_FALSE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:108:error: AURA_CANCEL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:123:error: PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:164:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:164:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:239:error: 'sound/effects/bangtaper.ogg': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\say.dm:115:error: CE_SQUEAKY: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:583:error: INCAPACITATION_KNOCKOUT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\bot\bot.dm:5:error: 'icons/mob/bot/placeholder.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\bot\bot.dm:40:error: HIDING_MOB_PLANE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\bot\bot.dm:41:error: HIDING_MOB_LAYER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\bot\cleanbot.dm:4:error: 'icons/mob/bot/cleanbot.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\bot\cleanbot.dm:43:error: 'sound/machines/boop1.ogg': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\bot\cleanbot.dm:81:error: 'sound/machines/boop2.ogg': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\bot\cleanbot.dm:93:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/l_arm: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\cleanbot.dm:155:error: /obj/effect/decal/cleanable/filth: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\ed209bot.dm:4:error: 'icons/mob/bot/ED209.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\bot\ed209bot.dm:7:error: MOB_PLANE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\bot\ed209bot.dm:36:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/l_leg: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\ed209bot.dm:38:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/r_leg: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\secbot.dm:8:error: 'icons/mob/bot/secbot.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\bot\secbot.dm:11:error: MOB_PLANE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\bot\secbot.dm:46:error: /obj/item/weapon/cell/infinite: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\secbot.dm:179:error: custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\bot\secbot.dm:223:error: 'icons/mob/bot/secbot.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\bot\secbot.dm:228:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/l_arm: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\farmbot.dm:9:error: 'icons/mob/bot/farmbot.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\bot\farmbot.dm:122:error: source: undefined type: source
code\modules\mob\living\bot\farmbot.dm:123:error: source: undefined type: source
code\modules\mob\living\bot\farmbot.dm:193:error: /obj/structure/hygiene/sink: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\farmbot.dm:234:error: /obj/item/device/analyzer/plant_analyzer: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\farmbot.dm:240:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/l_arm: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\farmbot.dm:257:error: /obj/structure/hygiene/sink: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\floorbot.dm:4:error: 'icons/mob/bot/floorbot.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\bot\floorbot.dm:93:error: custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\bot\floorbot.dm:223:error: /obj/item/weapon/material/shrapnel: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\floorbot.dm:229:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/l_arm: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\medibot.dm:4:error: 'icons/mob/bot/medibot.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\bot\medibot.dm:6:error: access_medical: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\bot\medibot.dm:7:error: access_medical: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\bot\medibot.dm:42:error: custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\bot\medibot.dm:91:error: 'icons/mob/bot/medibot_skins.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\bot\medibot.dm:210:error: /obj/item/device/healthanalyzer: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\medibot.dm:212:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/l_arm: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\mulebot.dm:13:error: 'icons/mob/bot/mulebot.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\bot\mulebot.dm:15:error: MOB_PLANE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\bot\mulebot.dm:27:error: access_qm: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\bot\mulebot.dm:267:error: custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\bot\mulebot.dm:171:error: custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\bot\mulebot.dm:177:error: custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\bot\remotebot.dm:4:error: 'icons/mob/bot/fetchbot.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\life.dm:7:error: /datum/movement_handler/mob/transformation/: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\life.dm:7:error: HasMovementHandler: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\life.dm:25:error: AURA_TYPE_LIFE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:4:error: add_to_dead_mob_list: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:6:error: add_to_living_mob_list: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:132:error: MOVING_DELIBERATELY: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:662:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/flash: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:664:error: overlay_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:667:error: clear_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:758:error: HIDING_MOB_PLANE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:759:error: HIDING_MOB_LAYER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:821:error: wash_mob: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:77:error: DAM_LASER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:80:error: FLUIDLOSS_CONC_BURN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:80:error: FLUIDLOSS_WIDE_BURN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:81:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:81:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:81:error: DAM_LASER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:172:error: AURA_TYPE_THROWN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:193:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:193:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:350:error: hud_used: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:353:error: hud_used.hud_shown: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:356:error: hud_used.hide_actions_toggle: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:361:error: hud_used.action_buttons_hidden: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:362:error: hud_used.hide_actions_toggle: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:363:error: hud_used.hide_actions_toggle: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:363:error: hud_used: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:364:error: hud_used.hide_actions_toggle.UpdateIcon: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:366:error: hud_used.hide_actions_toggle.moved: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:367:error: hud_used.hide_actions_toggle.screen_loc: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:367:error: hud_used.ButtonNumberToScreenCoords: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:370:error: hud_used.hide_actions_toggle: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:377:error: hud_used: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:390:error: hud_used.ButtonNumberToScreenCoords: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:394:error: hud_used.hide_actions_toggle: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:395:error: hud_used.hide_actions_toggle: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:395:error: hud_used: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:396:error: hud_used.hide_actions_toggle.InitialiseIcon: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:397:error: hud_used.hide_actions_toggle.moved: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:398:error: hud_used.hide_actions_toggle.screen_loc: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:398:error: hud_used.ButtonNumberToScreenCoords: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:400:error: hud_used.hide_actions_toggle: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defines.dm:4:error: waterproof: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\say.dm:156:error: emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\say.dm:158:error: custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\say.dm:304:error: show_image: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:253:error: area_repository.get_areas_by_z_level: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:258:error: area_repository.get_areas_by_z_level: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:263:error: /proc/is_holy_turf: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:280:error: get_follow_targets: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:285:error: fh.show_entry: undefined type: fh.show_entry
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:286:error: fh.followed_instance: undefined type: fh.followed_instance
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:349:error: SSradiation.get_rads_at_turf: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:399:error: NO_ANTAG: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:568:error: ticker: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:568:error: ticker.mode: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:571:error: ticker.mode: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:571:error: ticker.mode.deny_respawn: undefined var
code\_onclick\ghost.dm:14:error: client.buildmode: undefined var
code\_onclick\ghost.dm:15:error: client.buildmode: undefined var
code\_onclick\ghost.dm:37:error: client.buildmode: undefined var
code\_onclick\ghost.dm:38:error: client.buildmode: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:14:error: MOB_FLAG_HOLY_BAD: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:15:error: movement_handlers: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:15:error: /datum/movement_handler/mob/incorporeal: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:43:error: attack_logs_: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:72:error: ghost_multitool: undefined type: ghost_multitool
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:81:error: ghost_multitool: undefined type: ghost_multitool
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:82:error: ghost_multitool: undefined type: ghost_multitool
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:358:error: SKILL_MAX: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:358:error: medical_scan_results: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:332:error: PostIncorporealMovement: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:513:error: CORPSE_CAN_REENTER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:537:error: is_holy_turf: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\login.dm:8:error: DARKTINT_GOOD: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\login.dm:8:error: change_light_colour: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\say.dm:2:error: /decl/communication_channel/dsay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\say.dm:2:error: sanitize_and_communicate: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\observer\freelook\cult\mask.dm:14:error: /mob/living/deity: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\observer\virtual\base.dm:4:error: 'icons/mob/virtual.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\observer\virtual\base.dm:5:error: INVISIBILITY_SYSTEM: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\virtual\base.dm:6:error: SEE_IN_DARK_DEFAULT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\virtual\base.dm:28:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\observer\observer.dm:9:error: OBSERVER_PLANE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:457:error: initialization_stage: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:457:error: INITIALIZATION_COMPLETE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:17:error: movement_handlers: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:27:error: SScharacter_setup.initialized: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:34:error: ticker: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:34:error: ticker.current_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:292:error: ticker: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:292:error: ticker.current_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:305:error: job_master.get_spawnpoint_for: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:308:error: job_master.get_roundstart_spawnpoint: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:311:error: job_master.CheckUnsafeSpawn: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:319:error: job_master.AssignRole: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:325:error: job_master.EquipRank: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:342:error: ticker.mode.handle_latejoin: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:348:error: ticker.mode.handle_latejoin: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:350:error: job_master.ShouldCreateRecords: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:353:error: ticker.minds: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:361:error: equip_wheelchair: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:367:error: ticker.current_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:397:error: job_master.occupations: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:414:error: submap: undefined type: submap
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:414:error: submap.available: undefined type: submap.available
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:415:error: submap.name: undefined type: submap.name
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:415:error: submap.archetype.descriptor: undefined type: submap.archetype.descriptor
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:417:error: submap.jobs: undefined type: submap.jobs
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:418:error: submap.jobs: undefined type: submap.jobs
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:419:error: submap: undefined type: submap
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:453:error: job_master.get_spawnpoint_for: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:461:error: BP_POSIBRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:462:error: BP_POSIBRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:470:error: ticker.random_players: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:74:error: ticker: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:75:error: R_INVESTIGATE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:76:error: ticker.mode: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:76:error: master_mode: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:76:error: ticker.hide_mode: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:78:error: PUBLIC_GAME_MODE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:79:error: additional_antag_types: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:82:error: ticker.current_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:83:error: ticker.pregame_timeleft: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:103:error: ticker: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:103:error: ticker.current_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:113:error: initialization_stage: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:113:error: INITIALIZATION_COMPLETE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:156:error: ticker: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:156:error: ticker.current_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:165:error: job_master.GetJob: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:167:error: job_master.CheckGeneralJoinBlockers: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:546:error: returnSPECIES_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:573:error: /decl/communication_channel/ooc: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:573:error: sanitize_and_communicate: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\login.dm:68:error: InitializeHud: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\login.dm:86:error: l_plane: undefined var
code\modules\mob\login.dm:87:error: l_general: undefined var
code\modules\mob\login.dm:88:error: l_plane: undefined var
code\modules\mob\login.dm:89:error: l_general: undefined var
code\modules\mob\login.dm:92:error: reload_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\login.dm:93:error: add_click_catcher: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\logout.dm:8:error: l_general: undefined var
code\modules\mob\logout.dm:9:error: l_plane: undefined var
code\modules\mob\logout.dm:10:error: l_general: undefined var
code\modules\mob\logout.dm:10:error: l_general: undefined var
code\modules\mob\logout.dm:10:error: l_general: undefined var
code\modules\mob\logout.dm:11:error: l_plane: undefined var
code\modules\mob\logout.dm:11:error: l_plane: undefined var
code\modules\mob\logout.dm:11:error: l_plane: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:6:error: hud_used: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:6:error: hud_used: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:6:error: hud_used: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:11:error: clear_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:20:error: spellremove: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:89:error: VISIBLE_MESSAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:89:error: AUDIBLE_MESSAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:101:error: VISIBLE_MESSAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:101:error: AUDIBLE_MESSAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:105:error: VISIBLE_MESSAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:105:error: AUDIBLE_MESSAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:109:error: AUDIBLE_MESSAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:137:error: AUDIBLE_MESSAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:137:error: VISIBLE_MESSAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:139:error: AUDIBLE_MESSAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:139:error: VISIBLE_MESSAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:141:error: AUDIBLE_MESSAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:145:error: AUDIBLE_MESSAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:145:error: VISIBLE_MESSAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:687:error: ticker: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:687:error: ticker.current_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:695:error: processScheduler: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:696:error: processScheduler.statProcesses: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:1013:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\mob_defines.dm:3:error: MOB_PLANE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_defines.dm:7:error: movable_flags: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_defines.dm:7:error: MOVABLE_FLAG_PROXMOVE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_defines.dm:11:error: movement_handlers: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_defines.dm:12:error: /datum/movement_handler/mob/relayed_movement: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\mob_defines.dm:13:error: /datum/movement_handler/mob/death: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\mob_defines.dm:14:error: /datum/movement_handler/mob/conscious: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\mob_defines.dm:15:error: /datum/movement_handler/mob/eye: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\mob_defines.dm:16:error: /datum/movement_handler/move_relay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\mob_defines.dm:17:error: /datum/movement_handler/mob/buckle_relay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\mob_defines.dm:18:error: /datum/movement_handler/mob/delay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\mob_defines.dm:19:error: /datum/movement_handler/mob/stop_effect: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\mob_defines.dm:20:error: /datum/movement_handler/mob/physically_capable: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\mob_defines.dm:21:error: /datum/movement_handler/mob/physically_restrained: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\mob_defines.dm:22:error: /datum/movement_handler/mob/space: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\mob_defines.dm:23:error: /datum/movement_handler/mob/movement: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\mob_defines.dm:110:error: /decl/move_intent/run: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\mob_defines.dm:110:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\mob\mob_defines.dm:111:error: /decl/move_intent/run: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\mob_defines.dm:111:error: /decl/move_intent/walk: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\mob_defines.dm:140:error: MOB_FACTION_NEUTRAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_defines.dm:140:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\_helpers\game.dm:167:error: M.is_preference_enabled: undefined proc
code\_helpers\game.dm:543:error: preferences_datums: undefined var
code\_helpers\game.dm:545:error: preferences_datums: undefined var
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:124:error: /datum/body_build: undefined type path
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:127:error: B.gender: undefined type: B.gender
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:128:error: B.name: undefined type: B.name
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:128:error: B: undefined type: B
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:130:error: B.name: undefined type: B.name
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:130:error: B: undefined type: B
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:133:error: /datum/sprite_accessory/hair: undefined type path
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:133:error: /datum/sprite_accessory/hair: undefined type path
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:136:error: H.name: undefined type: H.name
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:136:error: H: undefined type: H
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:137:error: H.gender: undefined type: H.gender
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:138:error: H.name: undefined type: H.name
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:139:error: H.name: undefined type: H.name
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:141:error: H.name: undefined type: H.name
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:142:error: H.name: undefined type: H.name
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:145:error: /datum/sprite_accessory/facial_hair: undefined type path
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:145:error: /datum/sprite_accessory/facial_hair: undefined type path
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:148:error: H.name: undefined type: H.name
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:148:error: H: undefined type: H
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:149:error: H.gender: undefined type: H.gender
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:150:error: H.name: undefined type: H.name
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:151:error: H.name: undefined type: H.name
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:153:error: H.name: undefined type: H.name
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:154:error: H.name: undefined type: H.name
code\_helpers\logging.dm:39:error: /datum/client_preference/admin/show_debug_logs: undefined type path
code\_helpers\logging.dm:39:error: C.is_preference_enabled: undefined proc
code\_helpers\text.dm:317:error: C.is_preference_enabled: undefined proc
code\datums\datacore.dm:233:error: H.hair_color: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:238:error: H.facial_color: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:249:error: H.body_build.get_mob_icon: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:253:error: H.body_build.get_mob_icon: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:255:error: H.body_build.get_mob_icon: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:256:error: H.body_build.get_mob_icon: undefined var
code\defines\procs\statistics.dm:46:error: H.brainloss: undefined var
code\defines\procs\statistics.dm:79:error: H.brainloss: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\broadcaster.dm:296:error: R.is_preference_enabled: undefined proc
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:19:error: /datum/client_preference/admin/show_attack_logs: undefined type path
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:19:error: C.is_preference_enabled: undefined proc
code\modules\admin\verbs\buildmode.dm:5:error: M.client.buildmode: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\buildmode.dm:7:error: M.client.buildmode: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\buildmode.dm:14:error: M.client.buildmode: undefined var
code\modules\flufftext\Hallucination.dm:417:error: target.hallucinations: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:123:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:125:error: BP_MOUTH: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:148:error: BP_L_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:148:error: BP_L_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:149:error: BP_R_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:149:error: BP_R_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:150:error: BP_L_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:150:error: BP_L_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:151:error: BP_R_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:151:error: BP_R_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:467:error: /decl/communication_channel/dsay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:467:error: /decl/dsay_communication/direct: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:467:error: communicate: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:54:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:55:error: blocked_mult: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\bot\bot.dm:412:error: ATOM_FLAG_CHECKS_BORDER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\_nymph.dm:100:error: SPECIES_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\_nymph.dm:106:error: nymph.dropInto: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone.dm:10:error: default_onmob_icons: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone_manufacturer.dm:98:error: ticker.current_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone_manufacturer.dm:139:error: NO_ANTAG: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\freelook\update_triggers.dm:6:error: ticker: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\virtual\helpers.dm:19:error: isvirtualmob: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\observer\virtual\helpers.dm:28:error: isvirtualmob: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\observer\virtual\helpers.dm:36:error: isvirtualmob: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\observer\virtual\helpers.dm:52:error: isvirtualmob: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\observer\virtual\helpers.dm:89:error: isvirtualmob: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_verbs.dm:174:error: SKILL_MAX: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_verbs.dm:176:error: SKILL_EXPERT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_verbs.dm:178:error: SKILL_ADEPT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\wounds\wound_types.dm:48:error: SHATTER: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:306:error: SSplants.seeds: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:313:error: P.request_player: undefined type: P.request_player
code\unit_tests\mob_tests.dm:68:error: pickSpawnLocation: undefined proc
code\world.dm:83:error: generate_body_modification_lists: undefined proc
code\world.dm:23:error: initialize_chemical_reagents: undefined proc
code\world.dm:24:error: initialize_chemical_reactions: undefined proc
code\controllers\subsystems\inventory.dm:9:error: /datum/inventory_slot: undefined type path
code\controllers\subsystems\inventory.dm:11:error: S.id: undefined type: S.id
code\controllers\subsystems\inventory.dm:13:error: S: undefined type: S
code\controllers\subsystems\inventory.dm:13:error: S: undefined type: S
code\controllers\subsystems\inventory.dm:14:error: S.id: undefined type: S.id
code\controllers\subsystems\inventory.dm:15:error: S.id: undefined type: S.id
code\controllers\subsystems\inventory.dm:16:error: S.id: undefined type: S.id
code\controllers\subsystems\inventory.dm:16:error: S: undefined type: S
code\controllers\subsystems\inventory.dm:11:error: initial: bad variable
code\controllers\subsystems\inventory.dm:10:warning: S: variable defined but not used
code\controllers\subsystems\inventory.dm:23:error: IS: undefined type: IS
code\controllers\subsystems\inventory.dm:24:error: IS.update_icon: undefined type: IS.update_icon
code\controllers\subsystems\inventory.dm:22:warning: IS: variable defined but not used
code\controllers\subsystems\jobs.dm:290:error: player.new_player_panel_proc: undefined proc
code\controllers\subsystems\jobs.dm:373:error: pickSpawnLocation: undefined proc
code\controllers\subsystems\jobs.dm:433:error: H.update_canmove: undefined proc
code\controllers\subsystems\jobs.dm:570:error: getSpawnPoint: undefined proc
code\controllers\subsystems\jobs.dm:572:error: spawnpoints_late: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystems\jobs.dm:573:error: spawnpoints_late: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystems\jobs.dm:588:error: pickSpawnLocation: undefined proc
code\controllers\subsystems\jobs.dm:591:error: pickSpawnLocation: undefined proc
code\controllers\subsystems\ticker.dm:200:error: N.new_player_panel_proc: undefined proc
code\controllers\subsystems\ticker.dm:90:error: send_assets: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_ui.dm:44:error: adding: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_ui.dm:47:error: adding: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_ui.dm:49:error: action_intent: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_ui.dm:50:error: adding: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_ui.dm:50:error: action_intent: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_ui.dm:52:error: mymob.healths: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_ui.dm:53:error: mymob.healths.icon: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_ui.dm:53:error: 'icons/mob/gestalt.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_ui.dm:54:error: mymob.healths.icon_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_ui.dm:55:error: mymob.healths.SetName: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_ui.dm:56:error: mymob.healths.screen_loc: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_ui.dm:58:error: mymob.client.screen: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_ui.dm:58:error: mymob.healths: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_ui.dm:59:error: mymob.client.screen: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\preference_setup.dm:259:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\preference_setup.dm:272:error: SPECIES_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:438:error: MAP_HAS_BRANCH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:439:error: mil_branches.is_spawn_branch: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:442:error: MAP_HAS_RANK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:443:error: mil_branches.is_spawn_rank: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\preference_setup.dm:252:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\01_candidacy.dm:10:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\01_candidacy.dm:11:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\01_candidacy.dm:14:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\01_candidacy.dm:15:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\01_candidacy.dm:41:error: MODE_MALFUNCTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\01_candidacy.dm:80:error: returnTOPIC_HANDLED: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\01_candidacy.dm:83:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\01_candidacy.dm:87:error: returnTOPIC_HANDLED: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\01_candidacy.dm:90:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\01_candidacy.dm:95:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\01_candidacy.dm:112:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\01_candidacy.dm:123:error: MODE_MALFUNCTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:13:error: /decl/uplink_source: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:17:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:18:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:31:error: UL.name: undefined type: UL.name
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:33:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:34:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:47:error: US.name: undefined type: US.name
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:47:error: US: undefined type: US
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:47:error: US: undefined type: US
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:47:error: US: undefined type: US
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:48:error: US.desc: undefined type: US.desc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:49:error: US.desc: undefined type: US.desc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:61:error: list_values: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:64:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:69:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:74:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:77:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:79:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:84:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:87:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:89:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:96:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\01_culture.dm:21:error: ALL_CULTURAL_TAGS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\01_culture.dm:21:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\01_culture.dm:45:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\01_culture.dm:50:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\01_culture.dm:55:error: SSculture.get_culture: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\01_culture.dm:67:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\01_culture.dm:74:error: SSculture.get_all_entries_tagged_with: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\01_culture.dm:84:error: SSculture.get_all_entries_tagged_with: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\01_culture.dm:89:error: SSculture.get_culture: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\01_culture.dm:94:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\02_language.dm:13:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\02_language.dm:16:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\02_language.dm:39:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\02_language.dm:55:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\02_language.dm:67:error: SSculture.get_culture: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\03_records.dm:12:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\03_records.dm:13:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\03_records.dm:14:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\03_records.dm:15:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\03_records.dm:18:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\03_records.dm:19:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\03_records.dm:20:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\03_records.dm:21:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\03_records.dm:44:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\03_records.dm:50:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\03_records.dm:56:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\03_records.dm:62:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:14:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:15:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:16:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:17:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:18:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:19:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:22:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:23:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:24:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:25:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:26:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:27:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:30:error: SPECIES_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:31:error: SPECIES_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:38:error: TAG_CULTURE: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:39:error: TAG_CULTURE: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:39:error: SSculture.get_culture: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:66:error: TAG_CULTURE: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:66:error: SSculture.get_culture: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:70:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:73:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:77:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:81:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:90:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:97:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:104:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:106:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\01_basic.dm:112:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:43:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:44:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:45:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:46:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:47:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:48:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:49:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:50:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:51:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:52:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:53:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:54:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:55:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:56:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:57:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:58:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:59:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:60:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:61:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:62:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:63:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:64:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:65:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:66:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:68:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:71:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:72:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:73:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:74:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:75:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:76:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:77:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:78:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:79:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:80:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:81:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:82:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:83:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:84:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:85:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:86:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:87:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:88:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:89:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:90:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:91:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:92:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:93:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:94:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:95:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:113:error: sanitize_bool: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:116:error: SPECIES_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:119:error: SPECIES_NO_LACE: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:170:error: SPECIES_NO_LACE: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:178:error: HAS_BASE_SKIN_COLOURS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:181:error: HAS_A_SKIN_TONE: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:202:error: BP_L_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:204:error: BP_R_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:206:error: BP_L_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:208:error: BP_R_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:210:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:211:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:212:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:213:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:214:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:215:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:216:error: BP_LUNGS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:217:error: BP_LUNGS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:218:error: BP_LIVER: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:219:error: BP_LIVER: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:220:error: BP_KIDNEYS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:221:error: BP_KIDNEYS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:248:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:257:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:261:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:263:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:320:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:324:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:334:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:338:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:344:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:351:error: returnTOPIC_HANDLED: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:359:error: SPECIES_CAN_JOIN: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:361:error: SPECIES_IS_WHITELISTED: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:393:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:397:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:403:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:412:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:416:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:422:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:426:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:432:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:435:error: HAS_BASE_SKIN_COLOURS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:436:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:440:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:443:error: HAS_A_SKIN_TONE: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:444:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:447:error: HAS_A_SKIN_TONE: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:449:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:453:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:459:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:469:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:483:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:488:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:495:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:499:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:507:error: SPECIES_NO_FBP_CHARGEN: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:514:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:530:error: BP_L_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:533:error: BP_R_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:536:error: BP_L_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:539:error: BP_R_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:541:error: BP_L_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:544:error: BP_R_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:547:error: BP_L_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:550:error: BP_R_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:561:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:566:error: BP_ALL_LIMBS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:569:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:569:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:569:error: BP_LUNGS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:569:error: BP_LIVER: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:569:error: BP_KIDNEYS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:569:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:586:error: SPECIES_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:611:error: BP_ALL_LIMBS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:614:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:615:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:616:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:616:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:616:error: BP_LUNGS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:616:error: BP_LIVER: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:616:error: BP_KIDNEYS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:619:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:628:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:630:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:632:error: BP_LUNGS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:634:error: BP_LIVER: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:636:error: BP_KIDNEYS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:653:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:658:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:662:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:666:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:18:error: /decl/backpack_outfit: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:26:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:27:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:28:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:29:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:31:error: get_default_outfit_backpack: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:34:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:35:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:36:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:37:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:66:error: get_default_outfit_backpack: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:77:error: backpack: undefined type: backpack
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:79:error: backpack.tweaks: undefined type: backpack.tweaks
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:81:error: tweak: undefined type: tweak
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:82:error: tweak: undefined type: tweak
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:82:error: tweak.validate_metadata: undefined type: tweak.validate_metadata
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:99:error: bt: undefined type: bt
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:100:error: bt: undefined type: bt
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:100:error: bt: undefined type: bt
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:100:error: bt.get_ui_content: undefined type: bt.get_ui_content
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:117:error: backpack_outfit.name: undefined type: backpack_outfit.name
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:120:error: backpack_outfit.name: undefined type: backpack_outfit.name
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:122:error: bt: undefined type: bt
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:124:error: bt.get_default_metadata: undefined type: bt.get_default_metadata
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:125:error: bt: undefined type: bt
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:133:error: backpack_outfit.name: undefined type: backpack_outfit.name
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:134:error: bt: undefined type: bt
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:140:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:144:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:148:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:151:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:155:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:160:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:164:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:166:error: bo.tweaks: undefined type: bo.tweaks
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:167:error: bt: undefined type: bt
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:168:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:169:error: bo: undefined type: bo
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:169:error: bt: undefined type: bt
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:169:error: bt.get_metadata: undefined type: bt.get_metadata
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:171:error: bo: undefined type: bo
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:171:error: bt: undefined type: bt
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:172:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:179:error: /decl/backpack_outfit/nothing: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:180:error: /decl/backpack_outfit/backpack: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:181:error: /decl/backpack_outfit/satchel: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:182:error: /decl/backpack_outfit/messenger_bag: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:183:error: /decl/backpack_outfit/satchel: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:184:error: /decl/backpack_outfit/satchel: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:185:error: /decl/backpack_outfit/pocketbook: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:189:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:194:error: get_default_outfit_backpack: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:196:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\04_flavor.dm:62:error: returnTOPIC_HANDLED: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\04_flavor.dm:76:error: returnTOPIC_HANDLED: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\01_ui.dm:32:error: CLIENT_MIN_FPS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\01_ui.dm:32:error: CLIENT_MAX_FPS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\01_ui.dm:51:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\01_ui.dm:53:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\01_ui.dm:57:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\01_ui.dm:59:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\01_ui.dm:63:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\01_ui.dm:65:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\01_ui.dm:71:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\01_ui.dm:81:error: CLIENT_MIN_FPS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\01_ui.dm:81:error: CLIENT_MIN_FPS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\01_ui.dm:81:error: CLIENT_MAX_FPS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\01_ui.dm:81:error: CLIENT_MAX_FPS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\01_ui.dm:86:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\01_ui.dm:96:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\02_prefixes.dm:16:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\02_prefixes.dm:31:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\02_prefixes.dm:75:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\02_prefixes.dm:86:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\02_prefixes.dm:112:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\02_prefixes.dm:118:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\02_prefixes.dm:121:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\02_prefixes.dm:130:error: group_by: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\03_pai.dm:58:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\04_ooc.dm:31:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\04_ooc.dm:38:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\05_settings.dm:9:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\05_settings.dm:10:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\05_settings.dm:11:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\05_settings.dm:14:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\05_settings.dm:15:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\05_settings.dm:16:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\05_settings.dm:22:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\05_settings.dm:23:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\05_settings.dm:96:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\laws\laws_pref.dm:20:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\laws\laws_pref.dm:21:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\laws\laws_pref.dm:24:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\laws\laws_pref.dm:25:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\laws\laws_pref.dm:31:error: BP_POSIBRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\laws\laws_pref.dm:34:error: sanitize_bool: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\laws\laws_pref.dm:40:error: BP_POSIBRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\laws\laws_pref.dm:70:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\laws\laws_pref.dm:79:error: ai_laws.shackles: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\laws\laws_pref.dm:92:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:51:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:52:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:55:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:56:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:67:error: is_species_whitelisted: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:159:error: job_master: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:161:error: job_master.occupations_by_title: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:175:error: mil_branches.get_branch: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:238:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:243:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:246:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:248:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:253:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:258:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:261:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:265:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:268:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\matchmaking\relations.dm:49:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\matchmaking\relations.dm:55:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:29:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:30:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:31:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:32:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:33:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:34:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:35:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:36:error: from_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:43:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:44:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:45:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:46:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:47:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:48:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:49:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:50:error: to_file: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:81:error: job_master: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:93:error: MAP_HAS_BRANCH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:95:error: player_branch: undefined type: player_branch
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:95:error: mil_branches.get_branch: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:98:error: MAP_HAS_RANK: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:99:error: player_rank: undefined type: player_rank
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:99:error: mil_branches.get_rank: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:107:error: job_master.occupations.len: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:111:error: job_master.occupations: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:151:error: player_branch: undefined type: player_branch
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:153:error: player_branch: undefined type: player_branch
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:154:error: player_branch.name_short: undefined type: player_branch.name_short
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:157:error: player_rank: undefined type: player_rank
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:159:error: player_rank: undefined type: player_rank
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:160:error: player_rank.name_short: undefined type: player_rank.name_short
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:160:error: player_rank.name: undefined type: player_rank.name
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:212:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:219:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:228:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:228:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:231:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:231:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:234:error: mil_branches.spawn_branches: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:235:error: mil_branches.is_spawn_branch: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:240:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:244:error: mil_branches.get_branch: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:247:error: mil_branches.spawn_ranks: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:249:error: mil_branches.is_spawn_rank: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:252:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:255:error: job_master.GetJob: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:260:error: job_master.GetJob: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:265:error: job_master.GetJob: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:291:error: SKILL_MIN: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:291:error: SKILL_MAX: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:298:error: job_master.GetJob: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:304:error: send_rsc: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:316:error: mil_branches.get_branch_by_type: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:317:error: B.name: undefined type: B.name
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:317:error: B.name: undefined type: B.name
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:323:error: SSculture.education_tiers_to_strings: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:332:error: open_link: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:344:error: job_master.GetJob: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\skill_selection.dm:169:error: SKILL_MIN: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\skill_selection.dm:169:error: SKILL_MAX: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:183:error: H.religion: undefined var
code\datums\datacore.dm:213:error: H.religion: undefined var
code\datums\datum_click_handlers.dm:19:error: owner.CH: undefined var
code\datums\datum_click_handlers.dm:52:error: user.kill_CH: undefined proc
code\datums\datum_click_handlers.dm:56:error: user.kill_CH: undefined proc
code\datums\progressbar.dm:29:error: user.progressbars: undefined var
code\datums\progressbar.dm:29:error: user.progressbars: undefined var
code\datums\progressbar.dm:30:error: user.progressbars: undefined var
code\datums\progressbar.dm:30:error: user.progressbars: undefined var
code\datums\progressbar.dm:31:error: user.progressbars: undefined var
code\datums\progressbar.dm:48:error: user.is_preference_enabled: undefined proc
code\datums\progressbar.dm:58:error: user.progressbars: undefined var
code\datums\progressbar.dm:63:error: user.progressbars: undefined var
code\datums\progressbar.dm:66:error: user.progressbars: undefined var
code\datums\progressbar.dm:66:error: user.progressbars: undefined var
code\datums\progressbar.dm:66:error: user.progressbars.len: undefined var
code\datums\progressbar.dm:66:error: user.progressbars: undefined var
code\modules\food\recipes_microwave.dm:101:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/head: undefined type path
code\modules\food\recipes_microwave.dm:129:error: /obj/item/weapon/ectoplasm: undefined type path
code\modules\food\recipes_microwave.dm:531:error: /obj/item/clothing/head/wizard: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_ui.dm:229:error: job_master.GetJob: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_ui.dm:252:error: SKILL_MIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_ui.dm:252:error: SKILL_MAX: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_ui.dm:252:error: SKILL_MIN: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\engineering\supermatter_monitor.dm:75:error: user.stats.getStat: undefined var
code\datums\craft\recipes\misc.dm:43:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/blood/empty: undefined type path
code\game\sound_loop.dm:122:error: LM.hallucination: undefined var
code\game\dna\dna2.dm:133:error: character.hair_color: undefined var
code\game\dna\dna2.dm:134:error: character.hair_color: undefined var
code\game\dna\dna2.dm:135:error: character.hair_color: undefined var
code\game\dna\dna2.dm:137:error: character.facial_color: undefined var
code\game\dna\dna2.dm:138:error: character.facial_color: undefined var
code\game\dna\dna2.dm:139:error: character.facial_color: undefined var
code\game\dna\dna2.dm:141:error: character.eyes_color: undefined var
code\game\dna\dna2.dm:142:error: character.eyes_color: undefined var
code\game\dna\dna2.dm:143:error: character.eyes_color: undefined var
code\game\dna\dna2.dm:145:error: character.skin_color: undefined var
code\game\dna\dna2.dm:146:error: character.skin_color: undefined var
code\game\dna\dna2.dm:147:error: character.skin_color: undefined var
code\game\dna\dna2.dm:157:error: character.body_build.name: undefined var
code\game\dna\genes\powers.dm:176:error: M.emote: undefined proc
code\game\dna\side_effects.dm:24:error: H.emote: undefined proc
code\game\dna\side_effects.dm:40:error: H.emote: undefined proc
code\game\dna\side_effects.dm:71:error: H.emote: undefined proc
code\game\gamemodes\endgame\supermatter_cascade\universe.dm:46:error: M.HUDtech.Find: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\endgame\supermatter_cascade\universe.dm:47:error: M.HUDtech: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\endgame\supermatter_cascade\universe.dm:122:error: A.owner.current.HUDtech.Find: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\endgame\supermatter_cascade\universe.dm:123:error: A.owner.current.HUDtech: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\malfunction\malf_hardware.dm:26:error: owner.hardware_integrity: undefined proc
code\game\jobs\job\civilian_chaplain.dm:41:error: H.religion: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job\job.dm:87:error: H.backbag: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job\job.dm:88:error: H.backbag: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job\job.dm:131:error: H.religion: undefined var
code\game\jobs\job\job.dm:143:error: target.stats.changeStat: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:52:error: M.client.registration_date: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:52:error: M.client.registration_date: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:55:error: M.client.country: undefined var
code\modules\admin\admin.dm:56:error: M.client.country_code: undefined var
code\modules\admin\DB ban\functions.dm:54:error: banned_mob.client.id: undefined var
code\modules\admin\DB ban\functions.dm:70:error: usr.client.id: undefined var
code\modules\admin\topic.dm:220:error: /mob/observer/eye/angel: undefined type path
code\modules\cargo\packs.dm:830:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/blood/empty: undefined type path
code\modules\cargo\packs.dm:831:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/blood/empty: undefined type path
code\modules\cargo\packs.dm:832:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/blood/APlus: undefined type path
code\modules\cargo\packs.dm:833:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/blood/AMinus: undefined type path
code\modules\cargo\packs.dm:834:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/blood/BPlus: undefined type path
code\modules\cargo\packs.dm:835:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/blood/BMinus: undefined type path
code\modules\cargo\packs.dm:836:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/blood/OPlus: undefined type path
code\modules\cargo\packs.dm:837:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/blood/OMinus: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:33:error: SScharacter_setup.preferences_datums: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:34:error: SScharacter_setup.initialized: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:37:error: SScharacter_setup.prefs_awaiting_setup: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:46:error: RANDOM_BLOOD_TYPE: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:64:error: SScharacter_setup.initialized: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:146:error: TAG_CULTURE: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:146:error: SSculture.get_culture: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:188:error: BP_ALL_LIMBS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:197:error: BP_BY_DEPTH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:226:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:226:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:226:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:226:error: BP_LUNGS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:226:error: BP_LIVER: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:226:error: BP_KIDNEYS: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:252:error: character.backpack_setup: undefined type: character.backpack_setup
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:274:error: character.char_branch: undefined type: character.char_branch
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:274:error: mil_branches.get_branch: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:275:error: character.char_rank: undefined type: character.char_rank
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:275:error: mil_branches.get_rank: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\skill_selection.dm:8:error: job.max_skill: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\skill_selection.dm:9:error: job.max_skill: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\skill_selection.dm:13:error: SKILL_MAX: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\skill_selection.dm:17:error: job.min_skill: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\skill_selection.dm:18:error: job.min_skill: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\skill_selection.dm:20:error: mil_branches.get_branch: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\skill_selection.dm:24:error: SKILL_MIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\preferences_setup.dm:7:error: SPECIES_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\preferences_setup.dm:13:error: HAS_A_SKIN_TONE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\preferences_setup.dm:37:error: /decl/backpack_outfit: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\new_player\preferences_setup.dm:39:error: RANDOM_BLOOD_TYPE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\preferences_setup.dm:50:error: job_master: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\preferences_setup.dm:53:error: job_master.GetJob: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\preferences_setup.dm:55:error: job_master.occupations: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\preferences_setup.dm:64:error: mannequin.char_branch: undefined type: mannequin.char_branch
code\modules\mob\new_player\preferences_setup.dm:64:error: mannequin.char_rank: undefined type: mannequin.char_rank
code\modules\mob\new_player\preferences_setup.dm:64:error: previewJob.equip_preview: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\new_player\preferences_setup.dm:88:error: slot_tie: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\preferences_setup.dm:96:error: get_mannequin: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\new_player\preferences_setup.dm:100:error: 'icons/effects/128x48.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:4:error: SPECIES_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:4:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\client\preferences_spawnpoints.dm:75:error: DEFAULT_SPAWNPOINT_ID: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\gear_tweaks.dm:56:error: duplicates: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\gear_tweaks.dm:59:error: list_values: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\gear_tweaks.dm:59:error: duplicates: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\gear_tweaks.dm:71:error: atomtype2nameassoclist: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\gear_tweaks.dm:74:error: atomtypes2nameassoclist: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\gear_tweaks.dm:77:error: atomtypes2nameassoclist: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\gear_tweaks.dm:80:error: atomtypes2nameassoclist: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:309:error: FLAGS_EQUALS: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:315:error: gear_tweak_free_color_choice: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\matchmaking\matchmaking.dm:72:error: M.special_role: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\matchmaking\matchmaking.dm:72:error: get_antag_data: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\matchmaking\matchmaking.dm:73:error: special_role_data.flags: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\matchmaking\matchmaking.dm:129:error: job_master.GetJob: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\matchmaking\relations_types.dm:28:error: TAG_HOMEWORLD: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\matchmaking\relations_types.dm:29:error: TAG_HOMEWORLD: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\matchmaking\relations_types.dm:97:error: MAP_HAS_BRANCH: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\matchmaking\relations_types.dm:102:error: holdermob.char_branch: undefined type: holdermob.char_branch
code\modules\core_implant\ritual.dm:110:error: /obj/item/weapon/grab: undefined type path
code\modules\core_implant\ritual.dm:112:error: G: undefined type: G
code\modules\core_implant\ritual.dm:112:error: G.affecting: undefined type: G.affecting
code\modules\core_implant\ritual.dm:112:error: G.affecting: undefined type: G.affecting
code\modules\core_implant\ritual.dm:113:error: returnG.affecting: undefined type: G.affecting
code\modules\core_implant\ritual.dm:110:warning: G: variable defined but not used
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\inquisitor.dm:151:error: /mob/observer/eye/god: undefined type path
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\base.dm:54:error: target.get_core_implant: undefined proc
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\base.dm:71:error: S: undefined type: S
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\base.dm:72:error: S.stat: undefined type: S.stat
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\crusader.dm:38:error: user.stats.changeStat: undefined var
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\crusader.dm:39:error: user.stats.changeStat: undefined var
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\crusader.dm:46:error: user.stats.changeStat: undefined var
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\crusader.dm:47:error: user.stats.changeStat: undefined var
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\priest.dm:174:error: M.update_implants: undefined proc
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\priest.dm:279:error: participant.stats.changeStat: undefined var
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\priest.dm:286:error: participant.stats.changeStat: undefined var
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\group.dm:31:error: M.stats.changeStat: undefined var
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\group.dm:51:error: M.stats.changeStat: undefined var
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\group.dm:72:error: M.stats.changeStat: undefined var
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\group.dm:92:error: M.stats.changeStat: undefined var
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\group.dm:113:error: M.stats.changeStat: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Core.dm:138:error: IS_SLIME: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Core.dm:143:error: IS_SLIME: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Core.dm:165:error: T100C: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Core.dm:191:error: IS_SLIME: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Other.dm:162:error: iscultist: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:473:error: IS_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:539:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:554:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:614:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:677:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:1026:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:716:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:755:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:768:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:1063:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:569:error: IS_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:16:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:17:error: CE_TOXIN: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:56:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:83:error: IS_NABBER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:120:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:175:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:179:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:230:error: /obj/effect/vine: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:235:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:240:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:639:error: IS_SKRELL: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:1130:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:1168:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:1187:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:1197:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:1266:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:1882:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Dispenser.dm:124:error: IS_SKRELL: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Dispenser.dm:126:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Dispenser.dm:172:error: /obj/item/weapon/book/tome: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents.dm:60:error: AFFECTS_DEAD: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents.dm:63:error: IGNORE_MOB_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents.dm:77:error: IGNORE_MOB_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents.dm:104:error: CE_TOXIN: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Core.dm:4:error: SPECIES_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Dispenser.dm:10:error: IS_NABBER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Dispenser.dm:24:error: /obj/item/weapon/book/tome: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Dispenser.dm:51:error: IS_VOX: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Dispenser.dm:53:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Dispenser.dm:57:error: IS_VOX: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Dispenser.dm:70:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Dispenser.dm:209:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Dispenser.dm:220:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Dispenser.dm:224:error: M.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Dispenser.dm:234:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Dispenser.dm:238:error: M.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Dispenser.dm:362:error: H.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Dispenser.dm:363:error: ORGAN_DISFIGURED: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Dispenser.dm:368:error: /obj/effect/vine: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Dispenser.dm:413:error: IS_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:50:error: IS_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:66:error: IS_SKRELL: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:73:error: IS_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:77:error: IS_SKRELL: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:105:error: IS_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:300:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:304:error: M.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:322:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:327:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:337:error: PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:339:error: M.custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:367:error: IS_SKRELL: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:384:error: ITEM_FLAG_FLEXIBLEMATERIAL: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:407:error: M.custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:419:error: PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Food-Drinks.dm:907:error: IS_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:12:error: IGNORE_MOB_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:15:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:20:error: CE_SLOWDOWN: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:35:error: IGNORE_MOB_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:38:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:45:error: CE_BLOCKAGE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:48:error: ORGAN_ARTERY_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:49:error: ORGAN_ARTERY_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:59:error: IGNORE_MOB_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:62:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:74:error: IGNORE_MOB_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:77:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:87:error: IGNORE_MOB_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:93:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:97:error: CE_ANTITOX: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:117:error: IGNORE_MOB_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:120:error: IS_VOX: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:122:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:123:error: CE_OXYGENATED: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:134:error: IGNORE_MOB_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:137:error: IS_VOX: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:139:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:140:error: CE_OXYGENATED: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:150:error: IGNORE_MOB_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:153:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:164:error: IGNORE_MOB_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:167:error: CE_CRYO: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:170:error: CE_OXYGENATED: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:182:error: IGNORE_MOB_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:185:error: CE_CRYO: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:188:error: CE_OXYGENATED: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:204:error: IGNORE_MOB_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:210:error: CE_TOXIN: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:224:error: IGNORE_MOB_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:236:error: CE_SLOWDOWN: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:240:error: CE_SLOWDOWN: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:244:error: CE_SLOWDOWN: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:252:error: CE_BREATHLOSS: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:259:error: CE_BREATHLOSS: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:261:error: CE_BREATHLOSS: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:291:error: IGNORE_MOB_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:295:error: CE_SLOWDOWN: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:320:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:328:error: CE_MIND: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:341:error: IGNORE_MOB_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:344:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:347:error: CE_BRAIN_REGEN: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:361:error: IGNORE_MOB_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:369:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:382:error: IGNORE_MOB_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:390:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:427:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:430:error: M.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:442:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:462:error: IGNORE_MOB_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:475:error: IGNORE_MOB_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:495:error: CE_ANTIVIRAL: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:495:error: VIRUS_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:499:error: CE_ANTIVIRAL: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:499:error: VIRUS_ENGINEERED: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:506:error: CE_ANTIVIRAL: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:506:error: VIRUS_EXOTIC: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:565:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:585:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:591:error: CE_MIND: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:605:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:611:error: CE_MIND: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:632:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:689:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:703:error: IGNORE_MOB_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:713:error: ORGAN_DISFIGURED: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:726:error: IGNORE_MOB_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:730:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:742:error: IGNORE_MOB_SIZE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:745:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:749:error: CE_ANTIVIRAL: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:752:error: CE_TOXIN: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:767:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:793:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:797:error: CE_BREATHLOSS: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:800:error: CE_SLOWDOWN: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:815:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:840:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Medicine.dm:852:error: M.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Other.dm:105:error: AFFECTS_DEAD: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Other.dm:385:error: T100C: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Other.dm:424:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Other.dm:427:error: CE_SQUEAKY: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Other.dm:438:error: IS_VOX: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Other.dm:450:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:261:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:263:error: IS_SKRELL: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:294:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SCAN: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:317:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:335:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:339:error: IS_SKRELL: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:344:error: M.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:366:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:370:error: IS_SKRELL: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:407:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:411:error: IS_SKRELL: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:418:error: M.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:431:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:434:error: M.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:447:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:450:error: IS_SKRELL: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:464:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:472:error: M.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:484:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:486:error: CE_MIND: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:487:error: IS_SKRELL: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:501:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:505:error: IS_SKRELL: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:514:error: M.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:521:error: M.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:523:error: CE_MIND: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:529:error: M.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:544:error: SPECIES_PROMETHEAN: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:553:error: SPECIES_PROMETHEAN: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:558:error: SPECIES_PROMETHEAN: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:568:error: SPECIES_PROMETHEAN: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:574:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_BREAK: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:592:error: HAS_TRANSFORMATION_MOVEMENT_HANDLER: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Toxins.dm:595:error: ADD_TRANSFORMATION_MOVEMENT_HANDLER: undefined proc
code\modules\hydroponics\seed.dm:709:error: user.stats.getStat: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\grab_datum.dm:63:error: all_grabstates: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\grab_datum.dm:66:error: all_grabstates: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\grab_datum.dm:273:error: INCAPACITATION_KNOCKOUT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\grab_datum.dm:273:error: INCAPACITATION_STUNNED: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\grab_datum.dm:275:error: SKILL_COMBAT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\grab_datum.dm:275:error: SKILL_COMBAT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\grab_datum.dm:275:error: SKILL_COMBAT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\nab\grab_nab.dm:24:error: GRAB_NAB: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\nab\grab_nab.dm:86:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\nab\grab_nab.dm:87:error: PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\nab\grab_nab.dm:102:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\nab\grab_nab.dm:102:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\nab\nab_aggressive.dm:2:error: NAB_AGGRESSIVE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\nab\nab_aggressive.dm:4:error: NAB_KILL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\nab\nab_aggressive.dm:5:error: NAB_PASSIVE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\nab\nab_kill.dm:2:error: NAB_KILL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\nab\nab_kill.dm:4:error: NAB_AGGRESSIVE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\nab\nab_passive.dm:2:error: NAB_PASSIVE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\nab\nab_passive.dm:4:error: NAB_AGGRESSIVE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:23:error: GRAB_NORMAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:68:error: SKILL_COMBAT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:68:error: SKILL_ADEPT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:99:error: SKILL_COMBAT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:99:error: SKILL_ADEPT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:136:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:150:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:171:error: SKILL_COMBAT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:171:error: SKILL_BASIC: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:184:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:256:error: SKILL_COMBAT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:264:error: ITEM_FLAG_STOPPRESSUREDAMAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:290:error: SKILL_COMBAT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:290:error: SKILL_ADEPT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:300:error: ORGAN_FLAG_HAS_TENDON: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:300:error: ORGAN_TENDON_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:206:error: BP_MOUTH: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:209:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:218:error: BP_MOUTH: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:220:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:226:error: BP_MOUTH: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:230:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\norm_aggressive.dm:2:error: NORM_AGGRESSIVE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\norm_aggressive.dm:4:error: NORM_NECK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\norm_aggressive.dm:5:error: NORM_PASSIVE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\norm_aggressive.dm:26:error: BP_L_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\norm_aggressive.dm:26:error: BP_R_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\norm_aggressive.dm:40:error: ITEM_FLAG_STOPPRESSUREDAMAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\norm_kill.dm:2:error: NORM_KILL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\norm_kill.dm:4:error: NORM_NECK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\norm_neck.dm:2:error: NORM_NECK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\norm_neck.dm:4:error: NORM_KILL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\norm_neck.dm:5:error: NORM_AGGRESSIVE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\norm_passive.dm:2:error: NORM_PASSIVE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\norm_passive.dm:5:error: NORM_STRUGGLE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\norm_struggle.dm:2:error: NORM_STRUGGLE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\norm_struggle.dm:5:error: NORM_AGGRESSIVE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\norm_struggle.dm:6:error: NORM_PASSIVE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\adherent.dm:2:error: LANGUAGE_ADHERENT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\generic.dm:23:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\generic.dm:47:error: LANGUAGE_LUNAR: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\generic.dm:74:error: LANGUAGE_SIGN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\station.dm:59:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\station.dm:26:error: LANGUAGE_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\station.dm:47:error: LANGUAGE_SKRELLIAN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\outsider.dm:15:error: LANGUAGE_XENOPHAGE_HIVE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\outsider.dm:2:error: LANGUAGE_XENOPHAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\outsider.dm:77:error: LANGUAGE_VOX: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\outsider.dm:125:error: LANGUAGE_ALIUM: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\station.dm:2:error: LANGUAGE_ROOTLOCAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\station.dm:19:error: LANGUAGE_ROOTGLOBAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\station.dm:88:error: LANGUAGE_EAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\station.dm:170:error: LANGUAGE_INDEPENDENT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\station.dm:181:error: LANGUAGE_NABBER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\station.dm:196:error: LANGUAGE_SPACER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\station.dm:206:error: LANGUAGE_YEOSA: undefined var
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:31:error: /decl/color_generator/black: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:32:error: /decl/color_generator/grey: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:33:error: /decl/color_generator/brown: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:34:error: /decl/color_generator/chestnut: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:35:error: /decl/color_generator/blue: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:36:error: /decl/color_generator/blue_light: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:37:error: /decl/color_generator/green: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:38:error: /decl/color_generator/white: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:42:error: /decl/color_generator/black: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:43:error: /decl/color_generator/blonde: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:44:error: /decl/color_generator/chestnut: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:45:error: /decl/color_generator/copper: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:46:error: /decl/color_generator/brown: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:47:error: /decl/color_generator/wheat: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:48:error: /decl/color_generator/old: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:49:error: /decl/color_generator/punk: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:53:error: /decl/color_generator/black: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:54:error: /decl/color_generator/grey: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:55:error: /decl/color_generator/brown: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:56:error: /decl/color_generator/chestnut: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:57:error: /decl/color_generator/blue: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:58:error: /decl/color_generator/blue_light: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:59:error: /decl/color_generator/green: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:60:error: /decl/color_generator/albino_eye: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\autohiss.dm:25:error: LANGUAGE_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\autohiss.dm:26:error: LANGUAGE_YEOSA: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:2:error: SPECIES_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:3:error: SPECIES_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:4:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/template_tall.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:5:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/unathi/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:6:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/unathi/deformed_body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:7:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/unathi/husk.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:8:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/unathi/preview.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:10:error: 'icons/mob/species/unathi/tail.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:18:error: DARKTINT_MODERATE: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:20:error: STR_HIGH: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:48:error: SPECIES_CAN_JOIN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:48:error: SPECIES_IS_WHITELISTED: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:53:error: IS_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:56:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/unathi/organs.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:58:error: /obj/effect/decal/cleanable/blood/tracks/claw: undefined type path
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:73:error: 'sound/voice/lizard.ogg': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:76:error: /obj/aura/regenerating/human/unathi: undefined type path
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:94:error: CULTURE_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:97:error: HOME_SYSTEM_MOGHES: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:100:error: FACTION_UNATHI_POLAR: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:101:error: FACTION_UNATHI_DESERT: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:102:error: FACTION_UNATHI_SAVANNAH: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:103:error: FACTION_UNATHI_DIAMOND_PEAK: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:104:error: FACTION_UNATHI_SALT_SWAMP: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:107:error: RELIGION_UNATHI_STRATAGEM: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:108:error: RELIGION_UNATHI_PRECURSOR: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:109:error: RELIGION_UNATHI_VINE: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:110:error: RELIGION_UNATHI_LIGHTS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:111:error: RELIGION_OTHER: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:126:error: M.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:131:error: returnSPECIES_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard_subspecies.dm:2:error: SPECIES_YEOSA: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard_subspecies.dm:3:error: SPECIES_YEOSA: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard_subspecies.dm:9:error: DARKTINT_GOOD: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard_subspecies.dm:21:error: /obj/aura/regenerating/human/unathi/yeosa: undefined type path
code\modules\species\station\lizard_subspecies.dm:26:error: FACTION_UNATHI_YEOSA: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\lizard_subspecies.dm:30:error: FACTION_UNATHI_YEOSA: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:404:error: H.auras: undefined type: H.auras
code\modules\species\species.dm:407:error: A.type: undefined type: A.type
code\modules\species\species.dm:408:error: A: undefined type: A
code\modules\species\species.dm:409:error: A: undefined type: A
code\modules\species\species.dm:499:error: H.change_light_colour: undefined proc
code\modules\species\species.dm:515:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/blind: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species.dm:515:error: H.set_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\species\species.dm:516:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/blackout: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species.dm:516:error: H.set_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\species\species.dm:519:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/impaired: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species.dm:519:error: H.set_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\species\species.dm:521:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/oxy: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species.dm:521:error: H.set_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\species\species.dm:522:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/blurry: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species.dm:522:error: H.set_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\species\species.dm:523:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/high: undefined type path
code\modules\species\species.dm:523:error: H.set_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\species\species.dm:572:error: FEET: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:573:error: FEET: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:590:error: SKILL_COMBAT: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:601:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SLIP: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:632:error: HAS_SKIN_TONE_GRAV: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:634:error: HAS_SKIN_TONE_SPCR: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:636:error: HAS_SKIN_TONE_TRITON: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:644:error: LAZYSET: undefined proc
code\modules\species\species.dm:657:error: LAZYSET: undefined proc
code\modules\species\species.dm:662:error: LAZYSET: undefined proc
code\modules\species\species.dm:705:error: SPECIES_CAN_JOIN: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:707:error: SPECIES_IS_WHITELISTED: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:709:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:713:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SCAN: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:715:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:717:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_MINOR_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:719:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SLIP: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:721:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_POISON: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:723:error: HAS_A_SKIN_TONE: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:729:error: SPECIES_FLAG_IS_PLANT: undefined var
code\modules\species\species_getters.dm:50:error: SYNTH_BLOOD_COLOUR: undefined var
code\modules\species\species_getters.dm:56:error: SYNTH_FLESH_COLOUR: undefined var
code\modules\species\species_helpers.dm:48:error: SPECIES_CAN_JOIN: undefined var
code\modules\species\species_helpers.dm:61:error: job.required_education: undefined var
code\modules\species\species_helpers.dm:61:error: EDUCATION_TIER_NONE: undefined var
code\modules\species\species_helpers.dm:64:error: SSculture.get_culture: undefined var
code\modules\species\species_helpers.dm:65:error: job.required_education: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:16:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/human/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\species.dm:16:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\species.dm:17:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/human/deformed_body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\species.dm:17:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\species.dm:18:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/human/preview.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\species.dm:18:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\species.dm:19:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/default_husk.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\species.dm:19:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\species.dm:22:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/human/damage_overlay.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\species.dm:22:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\species.dm:23:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/human/damage_mask.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\species.dm:23:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\species.dm:24:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/human/blood_mask.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\species.dm:24:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\species.dm:45:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/template.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\species.dm:45:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\species.dm:52:error: STR_MEDIUM: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:52:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\species.dm:57:error: SPECIES_BLOOD_DEFAULT: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:57:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\species.dm:144:error: GRAB_NORMAL: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:144:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\species.dm:151:error: DARKTINT_NONE: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:151:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\species.dm:224:error: 'sound/voice/monkey.ogg': cannot find file
code\modules\species\species.dm:224:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\species.dm:241:error: CULTURE_OTHER: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:242:error: HOME_SYSTEM_STATELESS: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:243:error: FACTION_OTHER: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:244:error: RELIGION_OTHER: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:244:error: RELIGION_ATHEISM: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:244:error: RELIGION_AGNOSTICISM: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:245:error: EDUCATION_NONE: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:276:error: ALL_CULTURAL_TAGS: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:313:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:314:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:316:error: BP_LUNGS: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:317:error: BP_LUNGS: undefined var
code\modules\species\species_shapeshift.dm:16:error: SPECIES_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\species\species_shapeshift.dm:16:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\station\prometheans.dm:6:error: SPECIES_PROMETHEAN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\prometheans.dm:18:error: IS_SLIME: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\prometheans.dm:22:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SCAN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\prometheans.dm:22:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SLIP: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\prometheans.dm:22:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_MINOR_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\prometheans.dm:23:error: RADIATION_GLOWS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\prometheans.dm:24:error: SPECIES_IS_RESTRICTED: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\prometheans.dm:29:error: GLUT_ITEM_ANYTHING: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\prometheans.dm:29:error: GLUT_PROJECTILE_VOMIT: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\prometheans.dm:67:error: SPECIES_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\prometheans.dm:67:error: SPECIES_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\prometheans.dm:67:error: SPECIES_SKRELL: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\prometheans.dm:67:error: SPECIES_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:2:error: SPECIES_ALIEN: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:7:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SCAN: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:8:error: SPECIES_IS_RESTRICTED: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:10:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/humanoid/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:11:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/humanoid/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:16:error: CULTURE_ALIUM: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:36:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_MINOR_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:38:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_EMBED: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:40:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_POISON: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:47:error: GLUT_ITEM_TINY: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:47:error: GLUT_ITEM_NORMAL: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:47:error: GLUT_ITEM_ANYTHING: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:47:error: GLUT_PROJECTILE_VOMIT: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:48:error: GLUT_ITEM_ANYTHING: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:74:error: DARKTINT_NONE: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:74:error: DARKTINT_MODERATE: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:74:error: DARKTINT_GOOD: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:80:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SLIP: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:82:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_TANGLE: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:84:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:90:error: returnSPECIES_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\shadow.dm:5:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/shadow/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\outsider\shadow.dm:6:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/shadow/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\outsider\shadow.dm:10:error: DARKTINT_GOOD: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\shadow.dm:19:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SCAN: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\shadow.dm:19:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SLIP: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\shadow.dm:19:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_POISON: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\shadow.dm:19:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_EMBED: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:19:error: SPECIES_IS_RESTRICTED: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:22:error: CULTURE_STARLIGHT: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:36:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/starborn/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:37:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/starborn/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:38:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/starborn/husk.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:72:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_MINOR_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:72:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SCAN: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:72:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SLIP: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:72:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_POISON: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:72:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_EMBED: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:72:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_TANGLE: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:72:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:75:error: /obj/aura/starborn: undefined type path
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:82:error: PHORON_MINIMUM_BURN_TEMPERATURE: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:87:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/blueforged/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:88:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/blueforged/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:104:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_MINOR_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:104:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SCAN: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:104:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SLIP: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:104:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_POISON: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:104:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_EMBED: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:104:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_TANGLE: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:110:error: /obj/effect/temporary: undefined type path
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:2:error: SPECIES_VOX: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:3:error: SPECIES_VOX: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:4:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/vox/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:5:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/vox/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:6:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/vox/husk.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:33:error: GLUT_ITEM_NORMAL: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:40:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SCAN: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:41:error: SPECIES_CAN_JOIN: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:41:error: SPECIES_IS_WHITELISTED: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:41:error: SPECIES_NO_FBP_CONSTRUCTION: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:47:error: IS_VOX: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:77:error: CULTURE_VOX_ARKSHIP: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:78:error: CULTURE_VOX_SALVAGER: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:79:error: CULTURE_VOX_RAIDER: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:82:error: HOME_SYSTEM_VOX_ARK: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:83:error: HOME_SYSTEM_VOX_SHROUD: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:84:error: HOME_SYSTEM_VOX_SHIP: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:87:error: FACTION_VOX_RAIDER: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:88:error: FACTION_VOX_CREW: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:89:error: FACTION_VOX_APEX: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:92:error: RELIGION_VOX: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:97:error: /obj/item/clothing/mask/gas/vox: undefined type path
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:101:error: /obj/item/weapon/storage/box/vox: undefined type path
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:105:error: /obj/item/weapon/storage/box/vox: undefined type path
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:2:error: SPECIES_ADHERENT: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:13:error: silent_steps: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:15:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/adherent/template.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:16:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/adherent/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:17:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/adherent/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:18:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/adherent/preview.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:19:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/adherent/damage_overlay.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:20:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/adherent/damage_mask.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:21:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/adherent/blood_mask.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:30:error: STR_HIGH: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:32:error: 'sound/voice/chime.ogg': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:35:error: SYNTH_COLD_LEVEL_1: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:36:error: SYNTH_COLD_LEVEL_2: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:37:error: SYNTH_COLD_LEVEL_3: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:39:error: SYNTH_HEAT_LEVEL_1: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:40:error: SYNTH_HEAT_LEVEL_2: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:41:error: SYNTH_HEAT_LEVEL_3: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:43:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SCAN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:43:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:43:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_POISON: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:43:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_MINOR_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:44:error: SPECIES_CAN_JOIN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:44:error: SPECIES_IS_WHITELISTED: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:44:error: SPECIES_NO_FBP_CONSTRUCTION: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:44:error: SPECIES_NO_FBP_CHARGEN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:44:error: SPECIES_NO_LACE: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:46:error: HAS_BASE_SKIN_COLOURS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:56:error: CULTURE_ADHERENT: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:59:error: HOME_SYSTEM_ADHERENT: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:60:error: HOME_SYSTEM_ADHERENT_MOURNER: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:63:error: FACTION_ADHERENT_PRESERVERS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:64:error: FACTION_ADHERENT_LOYALISTS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:65:error: FACTION_ADHERENT_SEPARATISTS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:68:error: RELIGION_OTHER: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:94:error: /obj/effect/decal/cleanable/blood/tracks/snake: undefined type path
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:111:error: slot_belt_str: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:113:error: slot_l_ear_str: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:114:error: slot_r_ear_str: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:161:error: ORGAN_BRITTLE: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:161:error: ORGAN_CRYSTAL: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:161:error: ORGAN_ROBOTIC: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\golem.dm:2:error: SPECIES_GOLEM: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\golem.dm:5:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/golem/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\golem.dm:6:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/golem/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\golem.dm:7:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/golem/husk.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\golem.dm:10:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\golem.dm:10:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SCAN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\golem.dm:10:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_POISON: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\golem.dm:11:error: SPECIES_IS_RESTRICTED: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\golem.dm:20:error: SYNTH_COLD_LEVEL_1: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\golem.dm:21:error: SYNTH_COLD_LEVEL_2: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\golem.dm:22:error: SYNTH_COLD_LEVEL_3: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\golem.dm:24:error: SYNTH_HEAT_LEVEL_1: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\golem.dm:25:error: SYNTH_HEAT_LEVEL_2: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\golem.dm:26:error: SYNTH_HEAT_LEVEL_3: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\golem.dm:38:error: H.mind.special_role: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\golem.dm:44:error: ORGAN_BRITTLE: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\golem.dm:44:error: ORGAN_CRYSTAL: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\human_subspecies.dm:9:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/human/subspecies/gravworlder_body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\human_subspecies.dm:10:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/human/subspecies/gravworlder_preview.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\human_subspecies.dm:24:error: HAS_SKIN_TONE_GRAV: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\human_subspecies.dm:32:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/human/subspecies/spacer_body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\human_subspecies.dm:33:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/human/subspecies/spacer_preview.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\human_subspecies.dm:41:error: DARKTINT_MODERATE: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\human_subspecies.dm:48:error: HAS_SKIN_TONE_SPCR: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\human_subspecies.dm:56:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/human/subspecies/vatgrown_body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\human_subspecies.dm:57:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/human/subspecies/vatgrown_preview.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\human_subspecies.dm:70:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_VATGROWN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\human_subspecies.dm:73:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_VATGROWN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\human_subspecies.dm:85:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/human/subspecies/tritonian_body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\human_subspecies.dm:86:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/human/subspecies/tritonian_preview.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\human_subspecies.dm:116:error: HAS_SKIN_TONE_TRITON: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:2:error: SPECIES_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:11:error: LANGUAGE_NABBER: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:18:error: SPECIES_CAN_JOIN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:19:error: HAS_SKIN_TONE_NORMAL: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:27:error: CULTURE_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:28:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_VATGROWN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:29:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_MARTIAN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:30:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_MARSTUN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:31:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_LUNAPOOR: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:32:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_LUNARICH: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:33:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_VENUSIAN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:34:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_VENUSLOW: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:35:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_BELTER: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:36:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_PLUTO: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:37:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_EARTH: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:38:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_CETI: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:39:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_SPACER: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:40:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_SPAFRO: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:41:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_CONFED: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:42:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_OTHER: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:47:error: returnSPECIES_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:54:error: H.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:57:error: H.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:60:error: H.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:63:error: H.custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:79:error: H.custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:81:error: H.custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:83:error: H.custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:85:error: H.custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:91:error: H.custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:2:error: SPECIES_IPC: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:12:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/ipc/preview.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:16:error: STR_HIGH: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:27:error: SYNTH_COLD_LEVEL_1: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:28:error: SYNTH_COLD_LEVEL_2: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:29:error: SYNTH_COLD_LEVEL_3: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:31:error: SYNTH_HEAT_LEVEL_1: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:32:error: SYNTH_HEAT_LEVEL_2: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:33:error: SYNTH_HEAT_LEVEL_3: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:38:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SCAN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:38:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:38:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_POISON: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:39:error: SPECIES_CAN_JOIN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:39:error: SPECIES_IS_WHITELISTED: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:39:error: SPECIES_NO_FBP_CONSTRUCTION: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:39:error: SPECIES_NO_LACE: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:51:error: BP_OPTICS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:61:error: CULTURE_POSITRONICS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:64:error: HOME_SYSTEM_ROOT: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:65:error: HOME_SYSTEM_EARTH: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:66:error: HOME_SYSTEM_LUNA: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:67:error: HOME_SYSTEM_MARS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:68:error: HOME_SYSTEM_VENUS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:69:error: HOME_SYSTEM_CERES: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:70:error: HOME_SYSTEM_PLUTO: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:71:error: HOME_SYSTEM_TAU_CETI: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:72:error: HOME_SYSTEM_OTHER: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:75:error: FACTION_POSITRONICS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:76:error: FACTION_SOL_CENTRAL: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:77:error: FACTION_TERRAN_CONFED: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:78:error: FACTION_NANOTRASEN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:79:error: FACTION_FREETRADE: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:80:error: FACTION_XYNERGY: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:81:error: FACTION_EXPEDITIONARY: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:82:error: FACTION_OTHER: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:87:error: CULTURE_POSITRONICS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:88:error: HOME_SYSTEM_ROOT: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:89:error: FACTION_POSITRONICS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:94:error: /obj/item/clothing/mask/monitor: undefined type path
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:9:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/monkey/monkey_body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:10:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/monkey/monkey_body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:11:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/monkey/damage_overlays.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:12:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/monkey/damage_mask.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:13:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/monkey/blood_mask.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:15:error: SPECIES_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:35:error: SPECIES_IS_RESTRICTED: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:41:error: PASS_FLAG_TABLE: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:51:error: CULTURE_MONKEY: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:52:error: HOME_SYSTEM_STATELESS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:53:error: FACTION_TEST_SUBJECTS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:74:error: get_random_turf_in_range: undefined proc
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:88:error: H.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:91:error: H.custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:94:error: H.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:97:error: H.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:100:error: H.custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:111:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/monkey/farwa_body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:112:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/monkey/farwa_body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:118:error: CULTURE_FARWA: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:119:error: HOME_SYSTEM_STATELESS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:120:error: FACTION_TEST_SUBJECTS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:128:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/monkey/neaera_body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:129:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/monkey/neaera_body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:131:error: SPECIES_SKRELL: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:134:error: IS_SKRELL: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:137:error: CULTURE_NEARA: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:138:error: HOME_SYSTEM_STATELESS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:139:error: FACTION_TEST_SUBJECTS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:148:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/monkey/stok_body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:149:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/monkey/stok_body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:152:error: SPECIES_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:155:error: IS_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:157:error: CULTURE_STOK: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:158:error: HOME_SYSTEM_STATELESS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\monkey.dm:159:error: FACTION_TEST_SUBJECTS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:2:error: SPECIES_NABBER: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:14:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:14:error: LANGUAGE_LUNAR: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:14:error: LANGUAGE_GUTTER: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:14:error: LANGUAGE_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:14:error: LANGUAGE_SKRELLIAN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:14:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:14:error: LANGUAGE_EAL: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:14:error: LANGUAGE_INDEPENDENT: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:14:error: LANGUAGE_SPACER: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:18:error: 'sound/voice/bug.ogg': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:30:error: IS_NABBER: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:32:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/template_tall.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:33:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/nabber/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:34:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/nabber/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:35:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/nabber/preview.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:36:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/nabber/blood_mask.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:41:error: DARKTINT_GOOD: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:53:error: STR_HIGH: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:62:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SLIP: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:62:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_BLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:62:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_MINOR_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:62:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NEED_DIRECT_ABSORB: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:63:error: HAS_SKIN_TONE_NORMAL: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:63:error: HAS_BASE_SKIN_COLOURS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:64:error: SPECIES_CAN_JOIN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:64:error: SPECIES_IS_WHITELISTED: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:64:error: SPECIES_NO_FBP_CONSTRUCTION: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:64:error: SPECIES_NO_FBP_CHARGEN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:64:error: SPECIES_NO_LACE: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:70:error: BP_TRACH: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:72:error: /obj/effect/decal/cleanable/blood/tracks/snake: undefined type path
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:131:error: CULTURE_SERPENTID: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:134:error: HOME_SYSTEM_SERPENTIDS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:137:error: FACTION_XYNERGY: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:140:error: RELIGION_OTHER: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:143:error: EDUCATION_NABBER_CMINUS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:144:error: EDUCATION_NABBER_C: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:145:error: EDUCATION_NABBER_CPLUS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:146:error: EDUCATION_NABBER_BMINUS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:147:error: EDUCATION_NABBER_B: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:148:error: EDUCATION_NABBER_BPLUS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:149:error: EDUCATION_NABBER_AMINUS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:150:error: EDUCATION_NABBER_A: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:151:error: EDUCATION_NABBER_APLUS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:191:error: /obj/structure/stairs: undefined type path
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:209:error: /obj/structure/stairs: undefined type path
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:236:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:258:error: SKIN_NORMAL: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:261:error: SKIN_NORMAL: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:263:error: SKIN_THREAT: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:285:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/nabber/threat.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:302:error: 'sound/weapons/pushhiss.ogg': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:335:error: GRAB_NAB: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:344:error: GRAB_NAB_SPECIAL: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:374:error: GRAB_NORMAL: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:374:error: all_grabobjects: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:386:error: GRAB_NAB: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:386:error: all_grabobjects: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:393:error: TAG_EDUCATION: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:393:error: SSculture.get_culture: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:99:error: SPECIES_SKRELL: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:100:error: SPECIES_SKRELL: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:101:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/skrell/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:102:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/skrell/deformed_body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:103:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/skrell/preview.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:111:error: LANGUAGE_NABBER: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:134:error: DARKTINT_MODERATE: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:136:error: SPECIES_CAN_JOIN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:136:error: SPECIES_IS_WHITELISTED: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:142:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/skrell/organs.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:152:error: IS_SKRELL: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:164:error: CULTURE_SKRELL_QERR: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:165:error: CULTURE_SKRELL_MALISH: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:166:error: CULTURE_SKRELL_KANIN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:167:error: CULTURE_SKRELL_TALUM: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:168:error: CULTURE_SKRELL_RASKINTA: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:171:error: HOME_SYSTEM_QERRBALAK: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:174:error: FACTION_EXPEDITIONARY: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:175:error: FACTION_CORPORATE: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:176:error: FACTION_NANOTRASEN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:177:error: FACTION_PCRC: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:178:error: FACTION_HEPHAESTUS: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:179:error: FACTION_OTHER: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:182:error: RELIGION_OTHER: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:183:error: RELIGION_ATHEISM: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:184:error: RELIGION_DEISM: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:185:error: RELIGION_AGNOSTICISM: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:188:error: EDUCATION_SKRELL_FAILURE: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:189:error: EDUCATION_SKRELL_BASIC: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:190:error: EDUCATION_SKRELL_FULL: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:191:error: EDUCATION_SKRELL_FULL_SCIENCE: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:192:error: EDUCATION_SKRELL_FULL_DOCTOR: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:209:error: SPECIES_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:211:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/diona/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:212:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/diona/deformed_body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:213:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/diona/preview.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:223:error: STR_VHIGH: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:224:error: LANGUAGE_NABBER: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:264:error: /obj/aura/regenerating/human/diona: undefined type path
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:284:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SCAN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:284:error: SPECIES_FLAG_IS_PLANT: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:284:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:284:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SLIP: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:286:error: SPECIES_CAN_JOIN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:286:error: SPECIES_IS_WHITELISTED: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:286:error: SPECIES_NO_FBP_CONSTRUCTION: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:286:error: SPECIES_NO_FBP_CHARGEN: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:286:error: SPECIES_NO_LACE: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:291:error: IS_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:295:error: CULTURE_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:296:error: HOME_SYSTEM_DIONAEA: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:297:error: FACTION_OTHER: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:298:error: RELIGION_OTHER: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:340:error: /obj/item/device/flashlight/flare: undefined type path
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:342:error: /obj/item/device/flashlight/flare: undefined type path
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:3:error: SPECIES_XENO: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:15:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/xenos/template.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:44:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SCAN: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:44:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:44:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SLIP: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:44:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_POISON: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:44:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_EMBED: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:44:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_TANGLE: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:47:error: SPECIES_IS_RESTRICTED: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:103:error: CULTURE_XENOPHAGE_D: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:104:error: HOME_SYSTEM_DEEP_SPACE: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:105:error: FACTION_XENOPHAGE: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:106:error: RELIGION_OTHER: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:127:error: H.mind.special_role: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:129:error: TAG_CULTURE: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:129:error: SSculture.get_culture: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:205:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/xenos/body_drone.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:206:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/xenos/body_drone.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:243:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/xenos/body_hunter.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:244:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/xenos/body_hunter.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:267:error: CULTURE_XENOPHAGE_H: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:268:error: HOME_SYSTEM_DEEP_SPACE: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:269:error: FACTION_XENOPHAGE: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:270:error: RELIGION_OTHER: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:279:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/xenos/body_sentinel.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:280:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/xenos/body_sentinel.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:301:error: CULTURE_XENOPHAGE_S: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:302:error: HOME_SYSTEM_DEEP_SPACE: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:303:error: FACTION_XENOPHAGE: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:304:error: RELIGION_OTHER: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:319:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/xenos/body_queen.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:320:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/xenos/body_queen.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:349:error: CULTURE_XENOPHAGE_Q: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:350:error: HOME_SYSTEM_DEEP_SPACE: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:351:error: FACTION_XENOPHAGE: undefined var
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:352:error: RELIGION_OTHER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\hallucinations.dm:128:error: 'sound/weapons/gunshot/gunshot_strong.ogg': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\hallucinations.dm:128:error: 'sound/weapons/gunshot/gunshot2.ogg': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\hallucinations.dm:128:error: 'sound/weapons/gunshot/shotgun.ogg': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\hallucinations.dm:128:error: 'sound/weapons/gunshot/gunshot.ogg': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\hallucinations.dm:167:error: show_image: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\hallucinations.dm:199:error: BELOW_TABLE_LAYER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\hallucinations.dm:223:error: BELOW_TABLE_LAYER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\hallucinations.dm:232:error: BELOW_TABLE_LAYER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\hallucinations.dm:236:error: BELOW_TABLE_LAYER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\hallucinations.dm:237:error: BELOW_TABLE_LAYER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Holder.dm:75:error: ATOM_FLAG_NO_REACT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:25:error: returnPAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:39:error: BP_L_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:43:error: BP_R_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:61:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:61:error: BP_MOUTH: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:65:error: BP_L_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:71:error: BP_R_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:88:error: BP_L_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:88:error: BP_R_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:91:error: PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:109:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:119:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:119:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:140:error: ITEM_FLAG_THICKMATERIAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:142:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:142:error: BP_MOUTH: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:166:error: BP_MOUTH: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:166:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:199:error: BP_L_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:199:error: BP_R_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:202:error: BP_L_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:206:error: BP_R_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:240:error: BP_L_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:240:error: BP_R_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:243:error: BP_L_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:247:error: BP_R_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\species\species_attack.dm:47:error: BP_MOUTH: undefined var
code\modules\species\species_attack.dm:47:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\species\species_attack.dm:113:error: BP_L_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\species\species_attack.dm:113:error: BP_R_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\species\species_attack.dm:117:error: BP_L_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\species\species_attack.dm:124:error: BP_R_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:279:error: LANGUAGE_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:279:error: LANGUAGE_SKRELLIAN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:279:error: LANGUAGE_EAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:279:error: LANGUAGE_INDEPENDENT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:279:error: LANGUAGE_SPACER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:279:error: LANGUAGE_LUNAR: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\freelook\chunk.dm:26:error: OBSCURITY_PLANE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\freelook\visualnet.dm:85:error: ticker: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\freelook\ai\cameranet.dm:25:error: /proc/cmp_camera_ctag_asc: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\observer\freelook\cult\cultnet.dm:2:error: /obj/structure/deity: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\skills\antag_skill_setter.dm:6:error: SKILL_DEFAULT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\antag_skill_setter.dm:6:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\mob\skills\antag_skill_setter.dm:20:error: SKILL_BASIC: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\antag_skill_setter.dm:35:error: job_master.GetJob: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_buffs.dm:25:error: SKILL_MIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_buffs.dm:25:error: SKILL_MIN: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_buffs.dm:25:error: SKILL_MAX: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_buffs.dm:25:error: SKILL_MAX: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skillset.dm:6:error: SKILL_DEFAULT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skillset.dm:6:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_verbs.dm:74:error: SKILL_EXPERT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_verbs.dm:142:error: SKILL_FINANCE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_verbs.dm:142:error: SKILL_BASIC: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\antagonist\access_decrypter.dm:87:error: usr.stats.getStat: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\antagonist\dos.dm:107:error: usr.stats.getStat: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\antagonist\hacked_camera.dm:27:error: user.stats.getStat: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\generic\ntdownloader.dm:124:error: usr.stats.getStat: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\programs\generic\ntdownloader.dm:126:error: usr.stats.getStat: undefined var
code\modules\modular_computers\file_system\reports\crew_record.dm:95:error: H.stats.getStat: undefined var
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:16:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/cyberlimbs/robotic.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:16:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:30:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/cyberlimbs/bishop/bishop_main.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:35:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/cyberlimbs/bishop/bishop_alt.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:41:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/cyberlimbs/bishop/bishop_monitor.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:42:error: SPECIES_IPC: undefined var
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:48:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/cyberlimbs/hephaestus/hephaestus_main.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:53:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/cyberlimbs/hephaestus/hephaestus_alt.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:59:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/cyberlimbs/hephaestus/hephaestus_monitor.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:60:error: SPECIES_IPC: undefined var
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:67:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/cyberlimbs/zenghu/zenghu_main.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:70:error: SPECIES_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:70:error: SPECIES_IPC: undefined var
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:75:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/cyberlimbs/xion/xion_main.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:79:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/cyberlimbs/xion/xion_alt.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:85:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/cyberlimbs/xion/xion_monitor.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:86:error: SPECIES_IPC: undefined var
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:93:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/cyberlimbs/nanotrasen/nanotrasen_main.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:98:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/cyberlimbs/wardtakahashi/wardtakahashi_main.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:109:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/cyberlimbs/wardtakahashi/wardtakahashi_alt.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:115:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/cyberlimbs/wardtakahashi/wardtakahashi_monitor.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:116:error: SPECIES_IPC: undefined var
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:105:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/cyberlimbs/wardtakahashi/wardtakahashi_economy.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:123:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/cyberlimbs/morpheus/morpheus_main.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:135:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/cyberlimbs/morpheus/morpheus_monitor.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:139:error: SPECIES_IPC: undefined var
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:129:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/cyberlimbs/morpheus/morpheus_mantis.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:144:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/cyberlimbs/veymed/veymed_main.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:148:error: SPECIES_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:153:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/cyberlimbs/grayson/grayson_main.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:157:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/cyberlimbs/grayson/grayson_alt.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:163:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/cyberlimbs/grayson/grayson_monitor.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\robolimbs.dm:166:error: SPECIES_IPC: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\wounds\wound.dm:146:error: ORGAN_FLAG_HEALS_OVERKILL: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\wounds\wound.dm:148:error: ORGAN_FLAG_HEALS_OVERKILL: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\wounds\wound_types.dm:280:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\external\wounds\wound_types.dm:309:error: SHATTER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Recipes.dm:458:error: /obj/item/stack/material/phoron: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Recipes.dm:1080:error: /obj/item/weapon/cell/slime: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Recipes.dm:1092:error: /obj/item/device/flashlight/slime: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Recipes.dm:1124:error: /obj/item/stack/material/phoron: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Recipes.dm:1125:error: P.amount: undefined type: P.amount
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Recipes.dm:1126:error: P.loc: undefined type: P.loc
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Recipes.dm:1260:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/glass/paint/random: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Recipes.dm:2085:error: /obj/item/stack/material/deuterium: undefined type path
code\modules\research\designs.dm:706:error: /obj/item/device/mmi/digital/posibrain: undefined type path
code\modules\research\mechfab_designs.dm:12:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/robot_suit: undefined type path
code\modules\research\mechfab_designs.dm:19:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/chest: undefined type path
code\modules\research\mechfab_designs.dm:26:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/head: undefined type path
code\modules\research\mechfab_designs.dm:33:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/l_arm: undefined type path
code\modules\research\mechfab_designs.dm:40:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/r_arm: undefined type path
code\modules\research\mechfab_designs.dm:47:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/l_leg: undefined type path
code\modules\research\mechfab_designs.dm:54:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/r_leg: undefined type path
code\modules\research\mechfab_designs.dm:143:error: /obj/item/prosthesis/r_arm: undefined type path
code\modules\research\mechfab_designs.dm:148:error: /obj/item/prosthesis/l_arm: undefined type path
code\modules\research\mechfab_designs.dm:153:error: /obj/item/prosthesis/r_leg: undefined type path
code\modules\research\mechfab_designs.dm:158:error: /obj/item/prosthesis/l_leg: undefined type path
code\modules\research\mechfab_designs.dm:461:error: /obj/item/borg/upgrade/rename: undefined type path
code\modules\research\mechfab_designs.dm:467:error: /obj/item/borg/upgrade/reset: undefined type path
code\modules\research\mechfab_designs.dm:473:error: /obj/item/borg/upgrade/floodlight: undefined type path
code\modules\research\mechfab_designs.dm:480:error: /obj/item/borg/upgrade/restart: undefined type path
code\modules\research\mechfab_designs.dm:487:error: /obj/item/borg/upgrade/vtec: undefined type path
code\modules\research\mechfab_designs.dm:494:error: /obj/item/borg/upgrade/tasercooler: undefined type path
code\modules\research\mechfab_designs.dm:501:error: /obj/item/borg/upgrade/jetpack: undefined type path
code\modules\research\mechfab_designs.dm:508:error: /obj/item/borg/upgrade/rcd: undefined type path
code\modules\research\mechfab_designs.dm:516:error: /obj/item/borg/upgrade/syndicate: undefined type path
code\modules\research\xenoarchaeology\finds\finds_talkingitem.dm:124:error: M.is_preference_enabled: undefined proc
code\modules\species\species_hud.dm:51:error: slot_tie: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\bones.dm:15:error: /obj/item/weapon/bonegel: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\bones.dm:29:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\bones.dm:29:error: BP_IS_BRITTLE: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\bones.dm:47:error: ORGAN_BRITTLE: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\bones.dm:60:error: /obj/item/weapon/bonesetter: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\bones.dm:61:error: /obj/item/weapon/wrench: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\bones.dm:73:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\bones.dm:73:error: SURGERY_RETRACTED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\bones.dm:108:error: /obj/item/weapon/bonesetter: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\bones.dm:109:error: /obj/item/weapon/wrench: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\bones.dm:121:error: SURGERY_RETRACTED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\bones.dm:140:error: ORGAN_DISFIGURED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\bones.dm:147:error: /obj/item/weapon/bonegel: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\bones.dm:161:error: SURGERY_RETRACTED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\encased.dm:21:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\encased.dm:21:error: SURGERY_RETRACTED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\encased.dm:28:error: /obj/item/weapon/circular_saw: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\encased.dm:41:error: SURGERY_RETRACTED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\encased.dm:73:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\encased.dm:73:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\face.dm:17:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\face.dm:19:error: BP_MOUTH: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\face.dm:59:error: /obj/item/weapon/hemostat: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\face.dm:90:error: /obj/item/weapon/retractor: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\face.dm:91:error: /obj/item/weapon/crowbar: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\face.dm:114:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\face.dm:114:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\face.dm:121:error: /obj/item/weapon/cautery: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\face.dm:124:error: /obj/item/weapon/weldingtool: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\face.dm:144:error: ORGAN_DISFIGURED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\face.dm:26:error: /obj/item/weapon/scalpel: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\face.dm:35:error: BP_MOUTH: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\face.dm:51:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\face.dm:51:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:17:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:26:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:34:error: /obj/item/weapon/scalpel/laser3: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:35:error: /obj/item/weapon/scalpel/laser2: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:36:error: /obj/item/weapon/scalpel/laser1: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:46:error: SURGERY_CLOSED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:46:error: BP_MOUTH: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:67:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:67:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:75:error: /obj/item/weapon/scalpel/manager: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:84:error: SURGERY_CLOSED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:84:error: BP_MOUTH: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:107:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:107:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:114:error: /obj/item/weapon/scalpel: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:116:error: /obj/item/weapon/material/kitchen/utensil/knife: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:133:error: BP_MOUTH: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:153:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:153:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:157:error: SKILL_FORENSICS: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:157:error: SKILL_ADEPT: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:165:error: /obj/item/weapon/hemostat: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:197:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:197:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:204:error: /obj/item/weapon/retractor: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:205:error: /obj/item/weapon/crowbar: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:217:error: SURGERY_OPEN: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:236:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:236:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:243:error: /obj/item/weapon/cautery: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:246:error: /obj/item/weapon/weldingtool: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:254:error: BP_MOUTH: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:254:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:267:error: ORGAN_ARTERY_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:288:error: ORGAN_ARTERY_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:303:error: /obj/item/weapon/circular_saw: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:311:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:321:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:340:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\generic.dm:340:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\implant.dm:21:error: HATCH_OPENED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\implant.dm:23:error: SURGERY_ENCASED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\implant.dm:23:error: SURGERY_RETRACTED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\implant.dm:29:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\implant.dm:29:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\implant.dm:36:error: /obj/item/weapon/surgicaldrill: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\implant.dm:68:error: /obj/item/weapon/cautery: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\implant.dm:71:error: /obj/item/weapon/weldingtool: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\implant.dm:153:error: /obj/item/weapon/hemostat: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\implant.dm:154:error: /obj/item/weapon/wirecutters: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\implant.dm:166:error: SURGERY_RETRACTED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\implant.dm:168:error: HATCH_OPENED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\implant.dm:180:error: SURGERY_ENCASED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\implant.dm:180:error: SURGERY_RETRACTED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\implant.dm:182:error: HATCH_OPENED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\implant.dm:216:error: IMPLOYAL_HUD: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\limb_reattach.dm:68:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\limb_reattach.dm:75:error: /obj/item/weapon/hemostat: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\limb_reattach.dm:109:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\limb_reattach.dm:116:error: SKILL_DEVICES: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\limb_reattach.dm:149:error: ORGAN_SABOTAGED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\limb_reattach.dm:160:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:21:error: HATCH_OPENED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:23:error: SURGERY_ENCASED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:23:error: SURGERY_RETRACTED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:45:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:51:error: SURGERY_ENCASED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:51:error: SURGERY_RETRACTED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:88:error: SURGERY_ENCASED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:88:error: SURGERY_RETRACTED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:113:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:113:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:125:error: /obj/item/weapon/scalpel: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:127:error: /obj/item/weapon/material/kitchen/utensil/knife: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:144:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:181:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:181:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:189:error: /obj/item/weapon/hemostat: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:190:error: /obj/item/weapon/wirecutters: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:281:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:281:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:285:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:285:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:300:error: BP_POSIBRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:300:error: BP_POSIBRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:350:error: /obj/item/weapon/FixOVein: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:366:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:384:error: AUGMENTATION_ORGANIC: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:451:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\other.dm:12:error: /obj/item/weapon/FixOVein: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\other.dm:28:error: ORGAN_TENDON_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\other.dm:28:error: SURGERY_RETRACTED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\other.dm:41:error: ORGAN_TENDON_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\other.dm:56:error: /obj/item/weapon/FixOVein: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\other.dm:73:error: ORGAN_ARTERY_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\other.dm:73:error: SURGERY_RETRACTED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\other.dm:86:error: ORGAN_ARTERY_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\other.dm:101:error: /obj/item/weapon/weldingtool: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\other.dm:102:error: /obj/item/weapon/circular_saw: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\other.dm:103:error: /obj/item/weapon/gun/energy/plasmacutter: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\other.dm:109:error: SKILL_EVA: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:11:error: SKILL_DEVICES: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:21:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:31:error: SKILL_DEVICES: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:31:error: SKILL_ADEPT: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:34:error: SKILL_ELECTRICAL: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:34:error: SKILL_BASIC: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:37:error: SKILL_DEVICES: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:37:error: SKILL_PROF: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:45:error: /obj/item/weapon/screwdriver: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:46:error: /obj/item/weapon/material/coin: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:47:error: /obj/item/weapon/material/kitchen/utensil/knife: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:56:error: HATCH_CLOSED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:56:error: BP_MOUTH: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:68:error: HATCH_UNSCREWED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:80:error: /obj/item/weapon/screwdriver: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:81:error: /obj/item/weapon/material/coin: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:82:error: /obj/item/weapon/material/kitchen/utensil/knife: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:91:error: HATCH_UNSCREWED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:91:error: BP_MOUTH: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:103:error: HATCH_CLOSED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:115:error: /obj/item/weapon/retractor: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:116:error: /obj/item/weapon/crowbar: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:126:error: HATCH_UNSCREWED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:138:error: HATCH_OPENED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:150:error: /obj/item/weapon/retractor: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:151:error: /obj/item/weapon/crowbar: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:161:error: HATCH_OPENED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:161:error: BP_MOUTH: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:173:error: HATCH_UNSCREWED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:186:error: /obj/item/weapon/weldingtool: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:187:error: /obj/item/weapon/gun/energy/plasmacutter: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:195:error: SKILL_CONSTRUCTION: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:195:error: SKILL_BASIC: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:209:error: BP_IS_BRITTLE: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:213:error: HATCH_OPENED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:213:error: ORGAN_DISFIGURED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:213:error: BP_MOUTH: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:226:error: ORGAN_DISFIGURED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:244:error: SKILL_ELECTRICAL: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:244:error: SKILL_BASIC: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:249:error: BP_IS_BRITTLE: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:249:error: HATCH_OPENED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:249:error: BP_MOUTH: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:261:error: ORGAN_BRITTLE: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:283:error: SKILL_ELECTRICAL: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:283:error: SKILL_BASIC: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:292:error: BP_IS_BRITTLE: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:295:error: HATCH_OPENED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:295:error: ORGAN_DISFIGURED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:295:error: BP_MOUTH: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:327:error: ORGAN_DISFIGURED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:341:error: /obj/item/weapon/bonegel: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:342:error: /obj/item/weapon/screwdriver: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:355:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:358:error: SURGERY_ENCASED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:358:error: SURGERY_RETRACTED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:358:error: HATCH_OPENED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:408:error: /obj/item/device/multitool: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:420:error: HATCH_OPENED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:428:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:461:error: /obj/item/weapon/screwdriver: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:469:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:471:error: HATCH_OPENED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:478:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:486:error: A: undefined type: A
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:487:error: A.augment_flags: undefined type: A.augment_flags
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:487:error: AUGMENTATION_MECHANIC: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:488:error: A: undefined type: A
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:532:error: HATCH_OPENED: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:542:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:550:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:554:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:575:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\slimes.dm:22:error: /obj/item/weapon/scalpel: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\slimes.dm:51:error: /obj/item/weapon/scalpel: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\slimes.dm:80:error: /obj/item/weapon/scalpel/manager: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\slimes.dm:81:error: /obj/item/weapon/circular_saw: undefined type path
code\modules\surgery\surgery.dm:22:error: SKILL_ANATOMY: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\surgery.dm:22:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\surgery\surgery.dm:81:error: SKILL_ANATOMY: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\surgery.dm:81:error: SKILL_ADEPT: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\surgery.dm:82:error: SKILL_ADEPT: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\surgery.dm:82:error: SKILL_ANATOMY: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\surgery.dm:84:error: SKILL_ANATOMY: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\surgery.dm:84:error: SKILL_PROF: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\surgery.dm:106:error: /obj/effect/rune/: undefined type path
code\modules\virus2\effect.dm:237:error: mob.hallucination: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software.dm:28:error: log_error: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\custom_sprites.dm:8:error: CUSTOM_ITEM_SYNTH_CONFIG: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\latejoin.dm:4:error: ticker.mode.disabled_jobs: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\latejoin.dm:6:error: S: undefined type: S
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\latejoin.dm:7:error: S.name: undefined type: S.name
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\latejoin.dm:9:error: S.loc: undefined type: S.loc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\latejoin.dm:11:error: S: undefined type: S
code\game\atoms.dm:378:error: H.get_full_print: undefined proc
code\game\objects\buckling.dm:31:error: M.update_canmove: undefined proc
code\game\objects\items\weapons\tanks\tanks.dm:189:error: location.HUDneed.Find: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\tanks\tanks.dm:190:error: location.HUDneed: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\paper.dm:143:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\paper.dm:148:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\storage\boxes.dm:405:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/food/drinks/drinkingglass: undefined type path
code\game\objects\items\weapons\storage\boxes.dm:406:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/food/drinks/drinkingglass: undefined type path
code\game\objects\items\weapons\storage\boxes.dm:407:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/food/drinks/drinkingglass: undefined type path
code\game\objects\items\weapons\storage\boxes.dm:408:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/food/drinks/drinkingglass: undefined type path
code\game\objects\items\weapons\storage\boxes.dm:409:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/food/drinks/drinkingglass: undefined type path
code\game\objects\items\weapons\storage\boxes.dm:410:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/food/drinks/drinkingglass: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\blood_pack.dm:5:error: startswith: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\drinkingglass\glass_boxes.dm:6:error: startswith: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\storage\fancy.dm:163:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\bot\medibot.dm:256:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/l_arm: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\medibot.dm:256:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/r_arm: undefined type path
code\game\objects\items\weapons\storage\storage.dm:247:error: user.defaultHUD: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\storage\storage.dm:343:error: usr.prepare_for_slotmove: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass.dm:212:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass.dm:212:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass.dm:166:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass.dm:166:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass.dm:178:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass.dm:178:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass.dm:189:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass.dm:189:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass.dm:189:error: ATOM_FLAG_NO_REACT: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass.dm:200:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass.dm:200:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\detectivework\tools\rag.dm:114:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass.dm:16:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass.dm:16:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass.dm:26:error: /obj/structure/hygiene/sink: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass.dm:32:error: /obj/structure/iv_drip: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass.dm:63:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass.dm:63:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass.dm:66:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass.dm:66:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass.dm:70:error: ITEM_FLAG_NO_BLUDGEON: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass.dm:238:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass.dm:238:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass.dm:243:error: isprox: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass\bottle.dm:16:error: obj_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass\bottle\robot.dm:5:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass\bottle\robot.dm:5:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\spray.dm:7:error: ITEM_FLAG_NO_BLUDGEON: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\spray.dm:8:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\spray.dm:8:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\spray.dm:27:error: /obj/structure/hygiene/sink: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\spray.dm:30:error: /spell: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\spray.dm:79:error: cached_number_list_decode: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\cans.dm:29:error: 'sound/effects/bonebreak1.ogg': cannot find file
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\cans.dm:31:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\cans.dm:31:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\cans.dm:4:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\drinks\bottle.dm:456:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\drinks\bottle.dm:93:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\drinks\bottle.dm:93:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\drinks\bottle.dm:100:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\drinks\bottle.dm:100:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\drinks\bottle.dm:112:error: rag.light_max_bright: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\drinks\bottle.dm:112:error: rag.light_outer_range: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\drinks\bottle.dm:107:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\drinkingglass\drinkingglass.dm:13:error: 'icons/pdrink.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\drinkingglass\drinkingglass.dm:27:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\drinkingglass\drinkingglass.dm:27:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\drinkingglass\drinkingglass.dm:87:error: 'icons/pdrink.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\drinkingglass\drinkingglass.dm:89:error: 'icons/pdrink.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\drinkingglass\drinkingglass.dm:117:error: 'icons/pdrink.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\drinkingglass\drinkingglass.dm:119:error: 'icons/pdrink.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\drinkingglass\drinkingglass.dm:123:error: 'icons/pdrink.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\drinkingglass\drinkingglass.dm:125:error: 'icons/pdrink.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\drinkingglass\drinkingglass.dm:130:error: 'icons/pdrink.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\drinkingglass\drinkingglass.dm:139:error: 'icons/pdrink.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\drinkingglass\drinkingglass.dm:147:error: cached_key_number_decode: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\drinks.dm:9:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\drinks.dm:9:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\drinks.dm:27:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\drinks.dm:27:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\drinks.dm:87:error: cached_number_list_decode: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\drinks.dm:30:error: ITEM_FLAG_NO_BLUDGEON: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\drinks.dm:122:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\drinks.dm:122:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\drinks.dm:123:error: obj_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\drinks.dm:123:error: OBJ_FLAG_CONDUCTIBLE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\drinks.dm:372:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\drinks.dm:372:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\drinks.dm:373:error: obj_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\drinks.dm:373:error: OBJ_FLAG_CONDUCTIBLE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\shaker.dm:9:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\shaker.dm:9:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\shaker.dm:9:error: ATOM_FLAG_NO_REACT: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\shaker.dm:12:error: SKILL_COOKING: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\shaker.dm:12:error: SKILL_PROF: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\shaker.dm:16:error: SKILL_COOKING: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\shaker.dm:16:error: SKILL_ADEPT: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\shaker.dm:30:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\shaker.dm:30:error: ATOM_FLAG_NO_REACT: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\shaker.dm:35:error: atom_flags: undefined var
cev_eris.dme:2110:error: ATOM_FLAG_NO_REACT: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\snacks.dm:3226:error: /obj/item/trash/candy/proteinbar: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\snacks.dm:3014:error: /obj/item/weapon/material/kitchen/utensil/knife: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\fish.dm:22:error: SKILL_COOKING: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\fish.dm:22:error: SKILL_PROF: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\snacks.dm:195:error: something.dropInto: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\snacks.dm:210:error: user.custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\snacks.dm:1326:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\snacks.dm:1326:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\snacks.dm:1349:error: monkey.dropInto: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\snacks.dm:1357:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\snacks.dm:1357:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\snacks.dm:1375:error: obj_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\snacks.dm:3109:error: /obj/item/trash/caviar: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\snacks.dm:3120:error: /obj/item/trash/squid: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\snacks.dm:3135:error: /obj/item/trash/croutons: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\snacks.dm:3146:error: /obj/item/trash/salo: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\snacks.dm:3161:error: /obj/item/trash/driedfish: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\sushi.dm:4:error: 'icons/obj/sushi.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\sushi.dm:45:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\sushi.dm:54:error: 'icons/obj/sushi.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food.dm:6:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food.dm:6:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\condiment.dm:13:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\condiment.dm:13:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\condiment.dm:34:error: /obj/item/device/flashlight/pen: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers.dm:16:error: cached_number_list_decode: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers.dm:131:error: add_trace_DNA: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers.dm:158:error: add_trace_DNA: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers.dm:184:error: 'sound/effects/pour.ogg': cannot find file
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers.dm:38:error: /obj/item/device/flashlight/pen: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers.dm:189:error: BP_MOUTH: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers.dm:203:error: HUD_SCIENCE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers.dm:204:error: SKILL_CHEMISTRY: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers.dm:206:error: SKILL_CHEMISTRY: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers.dm:206:error: SKILL_EXPERT: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers.dm:207:error: SKILL_CHEMISTRY: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers.dm:207:error: SKILL_PROF: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\cartridge.dm:58:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\cartridge.dm:58:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\cartridge.dm:61:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\cartridge.dm:61:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\blood_pack.dm:16:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\blood_pack.dm:16:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\borghydro.dm:108:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\borghydro.dm:100:error: OnTopic: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\hypospray.dm:16:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\hypospray.dm:16:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\hypospray.dm:51:error: 'sound/effects/hypospray.ogg': cannot find file
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\hypospray.dm:99:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\hypospray.dm:135:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\hypospray.dm:135:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\hypospray.dm:139:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\pill.dm:61:error: admin_attacker_log: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\syringes.dm:160:error: SKILL_MEDICAL: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\syringes.dm:160:error: SKILL_BASIC: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\syringes.dm:163:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\syringes.dm:166:error: SKILL_MEDICAL: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\syringes.dm:196:error: SKILL_MEDICAL: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\syringes.dm:196:error: SKILL_BASIC: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\syringes.dm:248:error: SKILL_MEDICAL: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\syringes.dm:292:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\syringes.dm:409:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\syringes.dm:409:error: ATOM_FLAG_NO_REACT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_items.dm:318:error: paper.last_modified_ckey: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\tools\_tools.dm:225:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\tools\screwdrivers.dm:41:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\tools\screwdrivers.dm:41:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\material\kitchen.dm:31:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\material\shards.dm:87:error: H.species.flags: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\PDA\cart.dm:505:error: usr.canmove: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\autopsy.dm:187:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\cigs_lighters.dm:481:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\clown_items.dm:83:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\handcuffs.dm:41:error: G: undefined type: G
code\game\objects\items\weapons\handcuffs.dm:42:error: G.loc: undefined type: G.loc
code\game\objects\items\weapons\handcuffs.dm:42:error: G.state: undefined type: G.state
code\game\objects\items\weapons\handcuffs.dm:58:error: mob_can_equip: undefined proc
code\modules\library\lib_items.dm:261:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\RSF.dm:85:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/food/drinks/drinkingglass: undefined type path
code\game\objects\items\weapons\tape.dm:10:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\tape.dm:36:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\tape.dm:36:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\tape.dm:61:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\tape.dm:61:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\teleportation.dm:231:error: user.stats.getStat: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\trays.dm:48:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\weaponry.dm:27:error: M.captured: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\grenades\flashbang.dm:50:error: M.HUDtech.Find: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\grenades\flashbang.dm:51:error: M.HUDtech: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\grenades\spawnergrenade.dm:20:error: M.HUDtech.Find: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\grenades\spawnergrenade.dm:21:error: M.HUDtech: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\implant\implant.dm:60:error: wearer.update_implants: undefined proc
code\game\objects\items\weapons\implant\implant.dm:76:error: H.update_implants: undefined proc
code\game\objects\items\weapons\implant\implants\freedom.dm:38:error: source.legcuffed: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\implant\implants\freedom.dm:39:error: source.legcuffed: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\implant\implants\freedom.dm:40:error: source.legcuffed: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\implant\implants\freedom.dm:41:error: source.update_inv_legcuffed: undefined proc
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\cruciform.dm:68:error: /mob/observer/eye/angel: undefined type path
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\cruciform.dm:84:error: /obj/item/organ/external/robotic: undefined type path
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\cruciform.dm:104:error: H.update_implants: undefined proc
code\game\objects\items\weapons\implant\implanter.dm:40:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\implant\implanter.dm:47:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\implant\implanter.dm:66:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\modules\projectiles\gun.dm:193:error: user.setMoveCooldown: undefined proc
code\modules\projectiles\gun.dm:215:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\modules\projectiles\gun.dm:228:error: user.setMoveCooldown: undefined proc
code\modules\projectiles\gun.dm:296:error: G: undefined type: G
code\modules\projectiles\gun.dm:297:error: G.state: undefined type: G.state
code\modules\projectiles\gun.dm:328:error: mob.shock_stage: undefined var
code\modules\projectiles\gun.dm:331:error: mob.shock_stage: undefined var
code\modules\projectiles\gun.dm:171:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\modules\projectiles\guns\projectile.dm:79:error: H.gunshot_residue: undefined var
code\modules\clothing\spacesuits\rig\rig.dm:388:error: user.incorporeal_move: undefined var
code\modules\clothing\spacesuits\rig\rig.dm:847:error: wearer.transforming: undefined var
code\modules\clothing\spacesuits\rig\rig.dm:847:error: wearer.canmove: undefined var
code\modules\clothing\spacesuits\rig\rig.dm:859:error: wearer.Process_Spacemove: undefined proc
code\modules\clothing\spacesuits\rig\rig.dm:874:error: M.canmove: undefined var
code\modules\core_implant\upgrade.dm:21:error: target.get_core_implant: undefined proc
code\modules\detectivework\tools\swabs.dm:35:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\modules\detectivework\tools\swabs.dm:46:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\modules\detectivework\tools\swabs.dm:46:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\modules\detectivework\tools\swabs.dm:60:error: H.gunshot_residue: undefined var
code\modules\detectivework\tools\sample_kits.dm:74:error: H.get_full_print: undefined proc
code\modules\detectivework\tools\sample_kits.dm:97:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\modules\detectivework\tools\sample_kits.dm:97:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\modules\detectivework\tools\sample_kits.dm:110:error: H.get_full_print: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\holder.dm:10:error: sprite_sheets: undefined var
code\modules\mob\holder.dm:11:error: 'icons/mob/species/vox/head.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\holder.dm:16:error: 'icons/mob/onmob/items/lefthand_holder.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\holder.dm:17:error: 'icons/mob/onmob/items/righthand_holder.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\holder.dm:55:error: mob_container.dropInto: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\holder.dm:110:error: update_held_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\holder.dm:64:error: onDropInto: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\bot\cleanbot.dm:166:error: 'icons/mob/bot/cleanbot.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\bot\cleanbot.dm:177:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/l_arm: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\cleanbot.dm:177:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/r_arm: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\ed209bot.dm:74:error: 'icons/mob/bot/ED209.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\bot\ed209bot.dm:94:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/l_leg: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\ed209bot.dm:94:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/r_leg: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\ed209bot.dm:107:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/armor/pcarrier: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\ed209bot.dm:107:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/armorplate: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\ed209bot.dm:108:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/armor/pcarrier: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\ed209bot.dm:109:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/armorplate: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\ed209bot.dm:136:error: isprox: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\bot\secbot.dm:275:error: 'icons/mob/bot/secbot.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\bot\secbot.dm:287:error: 'icons/mob/bot/secbot.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\bot\secbot.dm:290:error: isprox: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\bot\secbot.dm:293:error: 'icons/mob/bot/secbot.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\bot\secbot.dm:297:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/l_arm: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\secbot.dm:297:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/r_arm: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\secbot.dm:301:error: 'icons/mob/bot/secbot.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\bot\farmbot.dm:288:error: 'icons/mob/bot/farmbot.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\bot\farmbot.dm:315:error: /obj/item/device/analyzer/plant_analyzer: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\farmbot.dm:333:error: isprox: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\bot\floorbot.dm:274:error: 'icons/mob/bot/floorbot.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\bot\floorbot.dm:286:error: isprox: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\bot\floorbot.dm:305:error: 'icons/mob/bot/floorbot.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\bot\floorbot.dm:317:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/l_arm: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\floorbot.dm:317:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/r_arm: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\medibot.dm:275:error: 'icons/mob/bot/medibot.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\bot\medibot.dm:285:error: 'icons/mob/bot/medibot_skins.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\bot\medibot.dm:299:error: /obj/item/device/healthanalyzer: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\medibot.dm:304:error: 'icons/mob/bot/medibot.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\bot\medibot.dm:307:error: isprox: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_items.dm:115:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:22:error: obj_flags: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:22:error: OBJ_FLAG_CONDUCTIBLE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:89:error: jetpack: undefined type: jetpack
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:91:error: jetpack: undefined type: jetpack
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:186:error: /obj/item/weapon/melee/baton/loaded: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:188:error: /obj/item/weapon/wrench: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:189:error: /obj/item/weapon/crowbar: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:190:error: /obj/item/device/healthanalyzer: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:215:error: /obj/item/device/healthanalyzer: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:217:error: /obj/item/weapon/scalpel/manager: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:218:error: /obj/item/weapon/hemostat: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:219:error: /obj/item/weapon/retractor: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:220:error: /obj/item/weapon/cautery: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:221:error: /obj/item/weapon/bonegel: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:222:error: /obj/item/weapon/FixOVein: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:223:error: /obj/item/weapon/bonesetter: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:224:error: /obj/item/weapon/circular_saw: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:225:error: /obj/item/weapon/surgicaldrill: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:227:error: /obj/item/robot_rack/roller: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:228:error: /obj/item/weapon/shockpaddles/robot: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:229:error: /obj/item/weapon/crowbar: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:269:error: /obj/item/weapon/crowbar: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:272:error: /obj/item/device/healthanalyzer: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:273:error: /obj/item/device/reagent_scanner/adv: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:274:error: /obj/item/robot_rack/roller: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:275:error: /obj/item/robot_rack/body_bag: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:277:error: /obj/item/weapon/shockpaddles/robot: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:284:error: /obj/item/weapon/crowbar: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:330:error: supported_upgrades: undefined type: supported_upgrades
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:330:error: /obj/item/borg/upgrade/rcd: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:345:error: /obj/item/weapon/weldingtool/largetank: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:346:error: /obj/item/weapon/screwdriver: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:347:error: /obj/item/weapon/wrench: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:348:error: /obj/item/weapon/crowbar: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:349:error: /obj/item/weapon/wirecutters: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:350:error: /obj/item/device/multitool: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:352:error: /obj/item/device/analyzer: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:353:error: /obj/item/device/geiger: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:362:error: /obj/item/inducer/borg: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:363:error: /obj/item/device/plunger/robot: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:364:error: /obj/item/weapon/melee/baton/robot/electrified_arm: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:421:error: supported_upgrades: undefined type: supported_upgrades
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:421:error: /obj/item/borg/upgrade/weaponcooler: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:440:error: /obj/item/weapon/gun/energy/gun/secure/mounted: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:443:error: /obj/item/device/holowarrant: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:444:error: /obj/item/weapon/crowbar: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:699:error: /obj/item/weapon/gun/energy/plasmacutter: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:702:error: /obj/item/weapon/crowbar: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:477:error: /obj/item/weapon/mop/advanced: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:478:error: /obj/item/holosign_creator: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:480:error: /obj/item/borg/sight/hud/jani: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:481:error: /obj/item/device/plunger/robot: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:482:error: /obj/item/weapon/crowbar: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:526:error: /obj/item/device/analyzer/plant_analyzer: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:527:error: /obj/item/weapon/storage/plants: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:531:error: /obj/item/weapon/crowbar: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:574:error: /obj/item/weapon/crowbar: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:577:error: /datum/matter_synth/package_wrap: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:580:error: /obj/item/stack/package_wrap/cyborg: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:596:error: /datum/nano_module/supply: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:606:error: supported_upgrades: undefined type: supported_upgrades
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:606:error: /obj/item/borg/upgrade/jetpack: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:611:error: /obj/item/weapon/wrench: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:612:error: /obj/item/weapon/screwdriver: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:613:error: /obj/item/weapon/storage/ore: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:614:error: /obj/item/weapon/pickaxe/borgdrill: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:615:error: /obj/item/weapon/storage/sheetsnatcher/borg: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:618:error: /obj/item/weapon/crowbar: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:619:error: /obj/item/weapon/gun/energy/plasmacutter: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:639:error: /obj/item/weapon/wrench: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:640:error: /obj/item/weapon/screwdriver: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:641:error: /obj/item/weapon/weldingtool/mini: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:642:error: /obj/item/weapon/wirecutters: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:643:error: /obj/item/weapon/crowbar: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:644:error: /obj/item/weapon/scalpel/laser3: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:645:error: /obj/item/weapon/circular_saw: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:649:error: /obj/prefab/hand_teleporter: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:675:error: /obj/item/weapon/crowbar: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:713:error: /obj/item/weapon/weldingtool: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:714:error: /obj/item/weapon/screwdriver: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:715:error: /obj/item/weapon/wrench: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:716:error: /obj/item/weapon/crowbar: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:717:error: /obj/item/weapon/wirecutters: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:718:error: /obj/item/device/multitool: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:726:error: /obj/item/inducer/borg: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:727:error: /obj/item/device/plunger/robot: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:730:error: /obj/item/borg/sight/hud/jani: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:735:error: /obj/item/weapon/gun/energy/plasmacutter: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:823:error: /obj/item/device/boombox: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:824:error: /obj/item/weapon/bikehorn/airhorn: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone_items.dm:9:error: ITEM_FLAG_NO_BLUDGEON: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone_items.dm:18:error: /obj/item/weapon/module/power_control: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone_items.dm:26:error: /obj/item/weapon/fuel_assembly: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone_items.dm:27:error: /obj/item/stack/material/deuterium: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone_items.dm:82:error: /obj/item/borg/upgrade: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone_items.dm:249:error: A.update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone_items.dm:347:error: /obj/item/trash/cigbutt: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\drinkingglass\extras.dm:56:error: 'icons/pdrink.dmi': cannot find file
code\game\objects\items.dm:492:error: user.stats.getStat: undefined var
code\game\objects\items.dm:502:error: user.stats.getStat: undefined var
code\game\objects\items.dm:515:error: user.stats.getStat: undefined var
code\game\objects\items.dm:534:error: H.get_holding_hand: undefined proc
code\game\objects\items.dm:550:error: H.get_holding_hand: undefined proc
code\_onclick\telekinesis.dm:117:error: user.setMoveCooldown: undefined proc
code\_onclick\telekinesis.dm:119:error: user.setMoveCooldown: undefined proc
code\_onclick\telekinesis.dm:121:error: user.setMoveCooldown: undefined proc
code\modules\power\cable.dm:509:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:24:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:27:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:52:error: user.stats.getStat: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:72:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:75:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:89:error: W.internal: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:116:error: user.stats.getStat: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:155:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:158:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:177:error: user.stats.getStat: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:205:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:208:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:222:error: W.internal: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:249:error: user.stats.getStat: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:282:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:285:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:305:error: user.stats.getStat: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:330:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:333:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:358:error: user.stats.getStat: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:366:error: user.stats.getStat: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:380:error: user.stats.getStat: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\nanopaste.dm:29:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\bot\secbot.dm:256:error: issignaler: undefined proc
code\modules\clothing\head\misc_special.dm:157:error: user.hair_color: undefined var
code\modules\clothing\glasses\welding.dm:20:error: usr.canmove: undefined var
code\modules\clothing\suits\storage.dm:41:error: usr.canmove: undefined var
code\modules\clothing\masks\miscellaneous.dm:144:error: c.remove: undefined proc
code\modules\clothing\masks\miscellaneous.dm:151:error: c.remove: undefined proc
code\modules\clothing\gloves\stungloves.dm:75:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\modules\clothing\gloves\stungloves.dm:83:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\modules\clothing\accessories\accessory.dm:96:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\mecha\equipment\tools\ai_holder.dm:16:error: occupant.remove_mecha_verbs: undefined proc
code\game\mecha\equipment\tools\ai_holder.dm:38:error: AI.add_mecha_verbs: undefined proc
code\game\mecha\equipment\tools\medical_tools.dm:186:error: R.id: undefined var
code\game\mecha\equipment\tools\medical_tools.dm:189:error: R.id: undefined var
code\game\mecha\equipment\tools\medical_tools.dm:564:error: R.id: undefined var
code\game\mecha\equipment\tools\medical_tools.dm:600:error: R.id: undefined var
code\modules\projectiles\projectile.dm:232:error: G: undefined type: G
code\modules\projectiles\projectile.dm:232:error: G.state: undefined type: G.state
code\modules\projectiles\projectile.dm:233:error: G.affecting: undefined type: G.affecting
code\modules\projectiles\projectile.dm:234:error: G.affecting: undefined type: G.affecting
code\modules\projectiles\projectile\animate.dm:12:error: /mob/living/simple_animal/hostile/mimic/copy: undefined type path
code\modules\projectiles\projectile\energy.dm:27:error: M.HUDtech.Find: undefined var
code\modules\projectiles\projectile\energy.dm:28:error: M.HUDtech: undefined var
code\modules\projectiles\projectile\special.dm:85:error: H.species.flags: undefined var
code\modules\projectiles\projectile\special.dm:118:error: H.species.flags: undefined var
code\game\objects\items.dm:176:error: usr.canmove: undefined var
code\game\objects\items.dm:129:error: do_pickup_animation: undefined proc
code\game\objects\items\devices\aicard.dm:29:error: carded_ai.hardware_integrity: undefined proc
code\game\objects\items\devices\aicard.dm:30:error: carded_ai.backup_capacitor: undefined proc
code\game\objects\items\devices\aicard.dm:31:error: carded_ai.aiRadio.disabledAi: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\aicard.dm:69:error: carded_ai.aiRadio.disabledAi: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\aicard.dm:70:error: carded_ai.aiRadio.disabledAi: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\aicard.dm:71:error: carded_ai.aiRadio.disabledAi: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\aicard.dm:123:error: ai.canmove: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\aicard.dm:129:error: carded_ai.canmove: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\flash.dm:81:error: M.HUDtech.Find: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\flash.dm:82:error: M.HUDtech: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\flash.dm:88:error: M.HUDtech.Find: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\flash.dm:89:error: M.HUDtech: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\flash.dm:162:error: M.HUDtech.Find: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\flash.dm:163:error: M.HUDtech: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\flash.dm:182:error: M.HUDtech.Find: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\flash.dm:183:error: M.HUDtech: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\lighting\toggleable\flashlight.dm:253:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\lighting\toggleable\flashlight.dm:297:error: M.HUDtech.Find: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\lighting\toggleable\flashlight.dm:298:error: M.HUDtech: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\paicard.dm:323:error: pai.canmove: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\scanners.dm:107:error: M.tod: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\scanners.dm:108:error: M.tod: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\scanners.dm:139:error: R.id: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\scanners.dm:139:error: R.id: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\scanners.dm:194:error: W.internal: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\scanners.dm:201:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_SAFE: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\scanners.dm:201:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_BAD: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\scanners.dm:203:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_BAD: undefined var
code\modules\hydroponics\trays\tray_tools.dm:101:error: R.id: undefined var
code\modules\hydroponics\trays\tray_tools.dm:101:error: R.id: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\scanners.dm:303:error: R.id: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\scanners.dm:414:error: T.slime_mutation: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\scanners.dm:417:error: T.slime_mutation: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\scanners.dm:417:error: T.slime_mutation: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\scanners.dm:418:error: T.slime_mutation: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\scanners.dm:418:error: T.slime_mutation: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\scanners.dm:419:error: T.slime_mutation: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\scanners.dm:422:error: T.slime_mutation: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\scanners.dm:422:error: T.slime_mutation: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\scanners.dm:422:error: T.slime_mutation: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\scanners.dm:425:error: T.slime_mutation: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\scanners.dm:425:error: T.slime_mutation: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\scanners.dm:425:error: T.slime_mutation: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\scanners.dm:425:error: T.slime_mutation: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\radio\beacon.dm:22:error: usr.canmove: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\violin.dm:292:error: usr.canmove: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\PDA\PDA.dm:964:error: M.is_preference_enabled: undefined proc
code\game\objects\items\devices\PDA\PDA.dm:964:error: /mob/observer/eye/angel: undefined type path
code\game\objects\items\devices\PDA\PDA.dm:981:error: ai.aiPDA: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\PDA\PDA.dm:981:error: ai.aiPDA: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\PDA\PDA.dm:520:error: /datum/asset/simple/pda: undefined type path
code\game\objects\items\devices\PDA\PDA.dm:1201:error: C.halloss: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\PDA\PDA.dm:1210:error: C.tod: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\PDA\PDA.dm:1211:error: C.tod: undefined var
code\modules\assembly\infrared.dm:118:error: usr.canmove: undefined var
code\modules\assembly\proximity.dm:136:error: usr.canmove: undefined var
code\modules\assembly\signaler.dm:70:error: usr.canmove: undefined var
code\modules\assembly\timer.dm:88:error: usr.canmove: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\brain\MMI.dm:67:error: brainmob.switch_from_dead_to_living_mob_list: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\brain\MMI.dm:109:error: brainmob.remove_from_living_mob_list: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\analyzer.dm:9:error: obj_flags: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\analyzer.dm:9:error: OBJ_FLAG_CONDUCTIBLE: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\silicon_photography.dm:27:error: C.connected_ai.aiCamera.injectaialbum: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\silicon_photography.dm:153:error: C.connected_ai.aiCamera: undefined var
code\modules\virus2\items_devices.dm:20:error: H.species.flags: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\toys.dm:303:error: M.m_intent: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\organ_module\active.dm:7:error: /obj/item/organ/external/proc/activate_module: undefined type path
code\game\objects\items\devices\organ_module\active.dm:10:error: /obj/item/organ/external/proc/activate_module: undefined type path
code\modules\clothing\spacesuits\rig\modules\computer.dm:125:error: /obj/item/device/mmi/digital/posibrain: undefined type path
code\modules\clothing\spacesuits\rig\modules\ninja.dm:134:error: G: undefined type: G
code\modules\clothing\spacesuits\rig\modules\ninja.dm:135:error: G.affecting: undefined type: G.affecting
code\modules\clothing\spacesuits\rig\modules\ninja.dm:136:error: G.affecting: undefined type: G.affecting
code\modules\clothing\spacesuits\rig\modules\ninja.dm:136:error: G.affecting: undefined type: G.affecting
code\modules\clothing\spacesuits\rig\modules\ninja.dm:137:error: G.affecting.forceMove: undefined type: G.affecting.forceMove
code\modules\clothing\spacesuits\rig\modules\ninja.dm:138:error: G.affecting: undefined type: G.affecting
code\modules\clothing\spacesuits\rig\modules\ninja.dm:138:error: G.affecting: undefined type: G.affecting
code\modules\clothing\spacesuits\rig\modules\utility.dm:164:error: R.id: undefined var
code\modules\clothing\spacesuits\rig\modules\utility.dm:172:error: R.id: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\grab_object.dm:36:error: all_grabstates: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\grab_object.dm:66:error: affecting.reset_plane_and_layer: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\grab\grab_object.dm:163:error: C.leave_evidence: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\grab\grab_object.dm:165:error: C.ironed_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\grab_object.dm:165:error: WRINKLES_WRINKLY: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\grab_object.dm:187:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\grab\nab\grab_nab.dm:3:error: GRAB_NAB: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\nab\grab_nab.dm:4:error: NAB_PASSIVE: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:244:error: GRAB_NAB_SPECIAL: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:245:error: NAB_AGGRESSIVE: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:251:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:3:error: GRAB_NORMAL: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:4:error: NORM_PASSIVE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\xenobiological\items.dm:14:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\xenobiological\items.dm:14:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\organs\organ.dm:8:error: default_action_type: undefined var
code\modules\organs\organ.dm:8:error: /datum/action/item_action/organ: undefined type path
code\modules\organs\organ.dm:246:error: ORGAN_ROBOTIC: undefined var
code\modules\organs\organ.dm:264:error: dropInto: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\organ.dm:313:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_PAIN: undefined var
code\modules\organs\organ.dm:323:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\organ.dm:328:error: BP_IS_ASSISTED: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\organ.dm:360:error: BP_IS_BRITTLE: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\organ.dm:73:error: SPECIES_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\organs\organ.dm:111:error: SPECIES_FLAG_IS_PLANT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\organ.dm:290:error: ORGAN_ROBOTIC: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:26:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:26:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_BREAK: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:26:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:80:error: ORGAN_FLAG_FINGERPRINT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:360:error: HATCH_OPENED: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:370:error: HAND_LEFT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:371:error: BP_L_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:372:error: HAND_RIGHT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:373:error: BP_R_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:458:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:459:error: SHATTER: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:479:error: FLUIDLOSS_WIDE_BURN: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:480:error: FLUIDLOSS_CONC_BURN: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:481:error: SPECIES_BLOOD_DEFAULT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:497:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:592:error: SPECIES_FLAG_IS_PLANT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:688:error: CE_TOXIN: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:723:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:730:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:784:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:820:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:823:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:888:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:889:error: MATERIAL_CRYSTAL: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:925:error: HAND_LEFT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:925:error: HAND_RIGHT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1006:error: I.exposed: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1013:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_BREAK: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1023:error: owner.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1060:error: splinted.dropInto: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1133:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_EMBED: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1247:error: ORGAN_DISFIGURED: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1258:error: ORGAN_DISFIGURED: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1289:error: SURGERY_OPEN: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1291:error: SURGERY_RETRACTED: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1292:error: SURGERY_RETRACTED: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1293:error: SURGERY_ENCASED: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1321:error: HATCH_UNSCREWED: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1323:error: HATCH_OPENED: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1356:error: SURGERY_RETRACTED: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1362:error: SURGERY_ENCASED: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1456:error: ORGAN_TENDON_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:20:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:21:error: DAM_EDGE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:22:error: DAM_LASER: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:27:error: BP_IS_BRITTLE: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:29:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:57:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:96:error: owner.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:103:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_MINOR_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:184:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SCAN: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:187:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SCAN: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:200:error: SPECIES_FLAG_NO_SCAN: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:251:error: owner.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:257:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_GRASP: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:260:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_STAND: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:277:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:278:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:279:error: ORGAN_ARTERY_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:280:error: ORGAN_ARTERY_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:285:error: ORGAN_FLAG_HAS_TENDON: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:285:error: ORGAN_TENDON_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:286:error: ORGAN_TENDON_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:291:error: BP_AUGMENT_CHEST_ARMOUR: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:293:error: A: undefined type: A
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:293:error: A: undefined type: A
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:294:error: A.brute_mult: undefined type: A.brute_mult
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:291:warning: A: variable defined but not used
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:298:error: BP_AUGMENT_CHEST_ARMOUR: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:300:error: A: undefined type: A
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:300:error: A: undefined type: A
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:301:error: A.burn_mult: undefined type: A.burn_mult
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:298:warning: A: variable defined but not used
code\modules\organs\external\_external_icons.dm:20:error: HAS_BASE_SKIN_COLOURS: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_icons.dm:26:error: HAS_A_SKIN_TONE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_icons.dm:28:error: HAS_BASE_SKIN_COLOURS: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_icons.dm:36:error: dna.s_base: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_icons.dm:42:error: HAS_A_SKIN_TONE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_icons.dm:166:error: SPECIES_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:91:error: A.add_partial_print: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:127:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_GRASP: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:128:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_STAND: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:142:error: new_dna.s_base: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:149:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:163:error: BP_IS_ASSISTED: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:168:error: OBJ_FLAG_CONDUCTIBLE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:227:error: /obj/item/weapon/hemostat: undefined type path
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:314:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_GRASP: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:315:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_STAND: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1125:error: ORGAN_TENDON_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1167:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_GRASP: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1168:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_STAND: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1171:error: FOOT_LEFT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1171:error: FOOT_RIGHT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1173:error: HAND_LEFT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1173:error: HAND_RIGHT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1230:error: ORGAN_SABOTAGED: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1384:error: ORGAN_ARTERY_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1386:error: ORGAN_TENDON_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1400:error: imp.known: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_icons.dm:49:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_icons.dm:61:error: mark_style.icon: undefined type: mark_style.icon
code\modules\organs\external\_external_icons.dm:61:error: mark_style.icon_state: undefined type: mark_style.icon_state
code\modules\organs\external\_external_icons.dm:62:error: mark_style.blend: undefined type: mark_style.blend
code\modules\organs\external\_external_icons.dm:64:error: mark_style.layer_blend: undefined type: mark_style.layer_blend
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:17:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:17:error: ORGAN_FLAG_GENDERED_ICON: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:17:error: ORGAN_FLAG_HEALS_OVERKILL: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:17:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_BREAK: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:21:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/default_eyes.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:21:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:32:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:44:error: EYE_GLOW_LAYER: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:45:error: EFFECTS_ABOVE_LIGHTING_PLANE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:156:error: VERY_SHORT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:111:error: ORGAN_DISFIGURED: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:134:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/human/lips.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\external\unbreakable.dm:55:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
cev_eris.dme:1868:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/blueforged/eyes.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\external\species\xenophage.dm:3:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/xenos/eyes.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:34:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/adherent/eyes.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:41:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/adherent/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:42:error: ORGAN_ROBOTIC: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:43:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:43:error: ORGAN_FLAG_HEALS_OVERKILL: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:43:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_BREAK: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:43:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\external\species\diona.dm:122:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/diona/eyes.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\external\species\diona.dm:124:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\nabber_stance.dm:6:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/nabber/eyes.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\external\species\nabber_stance.dm:8:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\nabber_stance.dm:8:error: ORGAN_FLAG_GENDERED_ICON: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\nabber_stance.dm:8:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_BREAK: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\nabber_stance.dm:31:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\nabber_stance.dm:8:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\external\species\skrell.dm:2:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/skrell/eyes.dmi': cannot find file
cev_eris.dme:1876:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/unathi/eyes.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\external\species\vox.dm:2:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/vox/eyes.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\external\species\yeosa.dm:2:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/unathi/eyes.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\external\_external_icons.dm:70:error: ORGAN_FLAG_GENDERED_ICON: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_icons.dm:81:error: SPECIES_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_icons.dm:86:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/cyberlimbs/robotic.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\external\_external_icons.dm:88:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/human/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\external\_external_icons.dm:92:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/human/skeleton.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\external\_external_icons.dm:101:error: mark_style.icon: undefined type: mark_style.icon
code\modules\organs\external\_external_icons.dm:101:error: mark_style.icon_state: undefined type: mark_style.icon_state
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:23:error: ORGAN_FLAG_GENDERED_ICON: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:23:error: ORGAN_FLAG_HEALS_OVERKILL: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:23:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_BREAK: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:31:error: BP_CELL: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:33:error: BP_CELL: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:14:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/adherent/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:15:error: ORGAN_ROBOTIC: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:16:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_BREAK: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\nabber_threat.dm:18:error: SKIN_NORMAL: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\nabber_threat.dm:28:error: 'sound/effects/angrybug.ogg': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\external\species\nabber_threat.dm:29:error: SKIN_THREAT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\nabber_threat.dm:32:error: SKIN_THREAT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:55:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:55:error: ORGAN_FLAG_GENDERED_ICON: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:55:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_BREAK: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\unbreakable.dm:10:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:26:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/adherent/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:27:error: ORGAN_ROBOTIC: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:28:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:28:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_STAND: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:28:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_BREAK: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:28:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\external\species\nabber_camo.dm:3:error: UNDER: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:71:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:71:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_GRASP: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:71:error: ORGAN_FLAG_HAS_TENDON: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:71:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_BREAK: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\unbreakable.dm:20:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:65:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/adherent/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:66:error: ORGAN_ROBOTIC: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:67:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:67:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_GRASP: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:67:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_STAND: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:67:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_BREAK: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:67:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\external\unbreakable.dm:15:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\unbreakable.dm:15:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_GRASP: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\unbreakable.dm:15:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:53:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/adherent/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:54:error: ORGAN_ROBOTIC: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:55:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:55:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_GRASP: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:55:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_STAND: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:55:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_BREAK: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:55:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:96:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:96:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_STAND: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:96:error: ORGAN_FLAG_HAS_TENDON: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:96:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_BREAK: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\unbreakable.dm:30:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\unbreakable.dm:25:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\unbreakable.dm:25:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_STAND: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\unbreakable.dm:25:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:108:error: BP_L_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:114:error: FOOT_LEFT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:121:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:121:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_STAND: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:121:error: ORGAN_FLAG_HAS_TENDON: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:121:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_BREAK: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:124:error: BP_R_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:127:error: FOOT_RIGHT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\unbreakable.dm:40:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\unbreakable.dm:35:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\unbreakable.dm:35:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_STAND: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\unbreakable.dm:35:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:134:error: BP_L_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:140:error: HAND_LEFT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:146:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:146:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_GRASP: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:146:error: ORGAN_FLAG_FINGERPRINT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:146:error: ORGAN_FLAG_HAS_TENDON: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:146:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_BREAK: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:149:error: BP_R_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:152:error: HAND_RIGHT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\unbreakable.dm:50:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:89:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/adherent/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:90:error: ORGAN_ROBOTIC: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:91:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:91:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_GRASP: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:91:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_STAND: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:91:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_BREAK: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:91:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\external\unbreakable.dm:45:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\unbreakable.dm:45:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_GRASP: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\unbreakable.dm:45:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:77:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/adherent/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:78:error: ORGAN_ROBOTIC: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:79:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:79:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_GRASP: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:79:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_STAND: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:79:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_BREAK: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:79:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\external\stump.dm:18:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\external\stump.dm:18:error: BP_IS_CRYSTAL: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\external\stump.dm:19:error: ORGAN_CRYSTAL: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:104:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/adherent/body.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:105:error: ORGAN_ROBOTIC: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:106:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:106:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_GRASP: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:106:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_STAND: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:106:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_BREAK: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:116:error: BP_L_FOOT: undefined var
cev_eris.dme:1867:error: BP_R_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\adherent.dm:106:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\external\species\diona.dm:6:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\diona.dm:18:error: ORGAN_FLAG_HEALS_OVERKILL: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\diona.dm:39:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\diona.dm:39:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_GRASP: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\diona.dm:57:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\diona.dm:57:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_STAND: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\diona.dm:68:error: BP_L_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\diona.dm:73:error: FOOT_LEFT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\diona.dm:76:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\diona.dm:76:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_STAND: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\diona.dm:80:error: BP_R_FOOT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\diona.dm:82:error: FOOT_RIGHT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\diona.dm:90:error: BP_L_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\diona.dm:95:error: HAND_LEFT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\diona.dm:97:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_AMPUTATE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\diona.dm:97:error: ORGAN_FLAG_CAN_GRASP: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\diona.dm:101:error: BP_R_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\species\diona.dm:103:error: HAND_RIGHT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\_internal.dm:167:error: CE_TOXIN: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\_internal.dm:189:error: get_wound_severity: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\internal\appendix.dm:5:error: BP_APPENDIX: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\appendix.dm:8:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\internal\brain.dm:4:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\brain.dm:223:error: owner.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\internal\brain.dm:144:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\brain.dm:148:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_SURVIVE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\brain.dm:155:error: CE_BRAIN_REGEN: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\brain.dm:160:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_SAFE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\brain.dm:163:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_OKAY: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\brain.dm:163:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_SAFE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\brain.dm:169:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_BAD: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\brain.dm:169:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_OKAY: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\brain.dm:177:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_SURVIVE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\brain.dm:177:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_BAD: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\brain.dm:185:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_SURVIVE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\brain.dm:250:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_SURVIVE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\adherent.dm:6:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/adherent/organs.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:165:error: BP_HEART: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:172:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_OKAY: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:172:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_SAFE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:176:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_BAD: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:176:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_OKAY: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:180:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_SURVIVE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:180:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_BAD: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:187:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_SURVIVE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\eyes.dm:6:error: BP_EYES: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\eyes.dm:16:error: ORGAN_ROBOTIC: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\eyes.dm:17:error: BP_OPTICS: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\adherent.dm:108:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/adherent/organs.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\internal\species\adherent.dm:110:error: ORGAN_ROBOTIC: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:12:error: FLASH_PROTECTION_VULNERABLE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:38:error: /obj/screen/fullscreen/blind: undefined type path
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:38:error: owner.overlay_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:42:error: FLASH_PROTECTION_VULNERABLE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:48:error: owner.clear_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\internal\heart.dm:52:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_OKAY: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\heart.dm:54:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_BAD: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\heart.dm:65:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_SURVIVE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\heart.dm:72:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_SURVIVE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\heart.dm:84:error: is_below_sound_pressure: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\internal\heart.dm:134:error: ORGAN_ARTERY_CUT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\kidneys.dm:5:error: BP_KIDNEYS: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\kidneys.dm:39:error: CE_ANTITOX: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\liver.dm:6:error: BP_LIVER: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\liver.dm:31:error: CE_TOXIN: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\liver.dm:32:error: CE_ANTITOX: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\liver.dm:43:error: CE_ANTITOX: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\liver.dm:56:error: CE_TOXIN: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\liver.dm:67:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_SAFE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:89:error: BP_LIVER: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\lungs.dm:5:error: BP_LUNGS: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\lungs.dm:154:error: CE_BREATHLOSS: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\lungs.dm:155:error: CE_BREATHLOSS: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\lungs.dm:167:error: owner.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\internal\lungs.dm:195:error: gas_data.breathed_product: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\lungs.dm:197:error: REAGENT_GAS_EXCHANGE_FACTOR: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\lungs.dm:215:error: is_below_sound_pressure: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\internal\lungs.dm:235:error: owner.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\internal\lungs.dm:237:error: owner.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\internal\lungs.dm:239:error: CE_BREATHLOSS: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\lungs.dm:81:error: owner.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:132:error: BP_TRACH: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:147:error: CE_OXYGENATED: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:149:error: CE_OXYGENATED: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:153:error: CE_OXYGENATED: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\stack.dm:11:error: BP_STACK: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\stack.dm:12:error: ORGAN_ROBOTIC: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\voice.dm:5:error: BP_VOICE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:3:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:3:error: LANGUAGE_LUNAR: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:3:error: LANGUAGE_GUTTER: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:3:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:3:error: LANGUAGE_EAL: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:3:error: LANGUAGE_INDEPENDENT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:3:error: LANGUAGE_SPACER: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\adherent.dm:46:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/adherent/organs.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\internal\species\adherent.dm:70:error: 'sound/effects/ding2.ogg': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\internal\species\adherent.dm:84:error: BP_JETS: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\adherent.dm:95:error: BP_FLOAT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\adherent.dm:127:error: BP_COOLING_FINS: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\adherent.dm:119:error: 'icons/mob/human_races/species/adherent/organs.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\organs\internal\species\fbp.dm:6:error: BP_CELL: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\fbp.dm:10:error: /obj/item/weapon/cell/hyper: undefined type path
code\modules\organs\internal\species\fbp.dm:10:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\internal\species\borer.dm:6:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\diona.dm:46:error: BP_NUTRIENT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\diona.dm:52:error: BP_NUTRIENT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\diona.dm:54:error: BP_NUTRIENT: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\fbp.dm:107:error: BP_BRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\fbp.dm:148:error: owner.switch_from_dead_to_living_mob_list: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:6:error: BP_POSIBRAIN: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:33:error: brainmob: undefined type: brainmob
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:40:error: brainmob: undefined type: brainmob
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:43:error: brainmob.SetName: undefined type: brainmob.SetName
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:44:error: brainmob.real_name: undefined type: brainmob.real_name
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:45:error: brainmob.dna: undefined type: brainmob.dna
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:46:error: brainmob.add_language: undefined type: brainmob.add_language
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:126:error: brainmob.laws: undefined type: brainmob.laws
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:149:error: brainmob.set_stat: undefined type: brainmob.set_stat
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:150:error: brainmob: undefined type: brainmob
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:151:error: brainmob.SetName: undefined type: brainmob.SetName
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:152:error: brainmob.real_name: undefined type: brainmob.real_name
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:153:error: brainmob.dna: undefined type: brainmob.dna
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:154:error: brainmob: undefined type: brainmob
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:154:error: brainmob.show_laws: undefined type: brainmob.show_laws
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:158:error: brainmob: undefined type: brainmob
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:159:error: brainmob: undefined type: brainmob
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:196:error: brainmob.show_laws: undefined type: brainmob.show_laws
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:204:error: brainmob.open_subsystem: undefined type: brainmob.open_subsystem
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:49:error: brainmob: undefined type: brainmob
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:49:error: brainmob: undefined type: brainmob
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:49:error: brainmob: undefined type: brainmob
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:53:error: brainmob: undefined type: brainmob
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:53:error: brainmob.key: undefined type: brainmob.key
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:59:error: brainmob: undefined type: brainmob
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:81:error: brainmob: undefined type: brainmob
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:179:error: brainmob: undefined type: brainmob
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:180:error: brainmob.mind: undefined type: brainmob.mind
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:181:error: brainmob.mind.transfer_to: undefined type: brainmob.mind.transfer_to
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:183:error: brainmob.key: undefined type: brainmob.key
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:63:error: BP_PHORON: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:96:error: BP_ACETONE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:115:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_SURVIVE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\nabber.dm:121:error: BP_TRACH: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\xenophage.dm:28:error: BP_EGG: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\xenophage.dm:35:error: BP_PLASMA: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\xenophage.dm:58:error: BP_ACID: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\xenophage.dm:65:error: BP_HIVE: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\xenophage.dm:71:error: BP_RESIN: undefined var
code\game\machinery\atmoalter\canister.dm:316:error: usr.canmove: undefined var
code\modules\hydroponics\trays\tray.dm:191:error: R.id: undefined var
code\modules\hydroponics\trays\tray.dm:195:error: R.id: undefined var
code\modules\hydroponics\trays\tray.dm:196:error: R.id: undefined var
code\modules\hydroponics\trays\tray.dm:197:error: R.id: undefined var
code\modules\hydroponics\trays\tray.dm:198:error: R.id: undefined var
code\modules\hydroponics\trays\tray.dm:199:error: R.id: undefined var
code\modules\hydroponics\trays\tray.dm:200:error: R.id: undefined var
code\modules\hydroponics\trays\tray.dm:203:error: R.id: undefined var
code\modules\hydroponics\trays\tray.dm:204:error: R.id: undefined var
code\modules\hydroponics\trays\tray.dm:205:error: R.id: undefined var
code\modules\hydroponics\trays\tray.dm:206:error: R.id: undefined var
code\modules\hydroponics\trays\tray.dm:209:error: R.id: undefined var
code\modules\hydroponics\trays\tray.dm:210:error: R.id: undefined var
code\modules\hydroponics\trays\tray.dm:213:error: R.id: undefined var
code\modules\hydroponics\trays\tray.dm:214:error: R.id: undefined var
code\modules\hydroponics\trays\tray.dm:218:error: R.id: undefined var
code\modules\hydroponics\trays\tray.dm:219:error: R.id: undefined var
code\game\modules\ventcrawl\ventcrawl_atmospherics.dm:45:error: user.setMoveCooldown: undefined proc
code\modules\power\apc.dm:556:error: Gri.grip_item: undefined proc
code\modules\supermatter\supermatter.dm:110:error: H.hallucination: undefined var
code\modules\supermatter\supermatter.dm:260:error: H.hallucination: undefined var
code\modules\supermatter\supermatter.dm:260:error: H.hallucination: undefined var
code\game\machinery\doors\airlock.dm:425:error: user.hallucination: undefined var
code\game\machinery\doors\airlock.dm:427:error: user.halloss: undefined var
code\game\machinery\doors\blast_door.dm:209:error: H.emote: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\computer\arcade_orion.dm:406:error: M.hallucination: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\cloning.dm:388:error: subject.species.flags: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\robot.dm:183:error: R.canmove: undefined var
code\modules\overmap\ships\computers\shuttle.dm:94:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\shuttles\shuttle_console_multi.dm:20:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\shuttles\shuttle_console_multi.dm:39:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\shuttles\shuttle_console.dm:58:error: returnTOPIC_NOACTION: undefined var
code\modules\shuttles\shuttle_console.dm:63:error: returnTOPIC_HANDLED: undefined var
code\modules\shuttles\shuttle_console.dm:65:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\shuttles\shuttle_console.dm:69:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\shuttles\shuttle_console.dm:73:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\shuttles\shuttle_emergency.dm:252:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\shuttles\shuttle_emergency.dm:260:error: TOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\research\rdconsole.dm:77:error: temp_reagent.id: undefined var
code\modules\research\rdconsole.dm:686:error: R.id: undefined var
code\modules\research\rdconsole.dm:743:error: R.id: undefined var
code\game\machinery\adv_med.dm:308:error: W.internal: undefined var
code\game\machinery\adv_med.dm:319:error: e.robotic: undefined var
code\game\machinery\adv_med.dm:324:error: e.open: undefined var
code\game\machinery\adv_med.dm:365:error: I.robotic: undefined var
code\game\machinery\cryopod.dm:370:error: occupant.in_perfect_health: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\cryopod.dm:376:error: M.get_respawn_bonus: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\cryopod.dm:382:error: M.set_respawn_bonus: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\cryopod.dm:519:error: H.in_stasis: undefined var
code\game\machinery\cryopod.dm:525:error: occupant.in_perfect_health: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\cryopod.dm:538:error: H.in_stasis: undefined var
code\game\machinery\cryopod.dm:392:error: affect_grab: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\flasher.dm:117:error: M.m_intent: undefined var
code\game\machinery\flasher.dm:92:error: O.HUDtech.Find: undefined var
code\game\machinery\flasher.dm:93:error: O.HUDtech: undefined var
code\game\machinery\flasher.dm:99:error: O.HUDtech.Find: undefined var
code\game\machinery\flasher.dm:100:error: O.HUDtech: undefined var
code\game\machinery\OpTable.dm:124:error: affect_grab: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\recharger.dm:36:error: Gri.grip_item: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\robot_fabricator.dm:80:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/l_arm: undefined type path
code\game\machinery\robot_fabricator.dm:85:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/r_arm: undefined type path
code\game\machinery\robot_fabricator.dm:90:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/l_leg: undefined type path
code\game\machinery\robot_fabricator.dm:95:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/r_leg: undefined type path
code\game\machinery\robot_fabricator.dm:100:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/chest: undefined type path
code\game\machinery\robot_fabricator.dm:105:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/head: undefined type path
code\game\machinery\robot_fabricator.dm:110:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/robot_suit: undefined type path
code\game\machinery\suit_storage_unit.dm:343:error: OCCUPANT.species.flags: undefined var
code\game\machinery\suit_storage_unit.dm:344:error: OCCUPANT.emote: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\suit_storage_unit.dm:348:error: OCCUPANT.species.flags: undefined var
code\game\machinery\suit_storage_unit.dm:349:error: OCCUPANT.emote: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\suit_storage_unit.dm:886:error: occupant.emote: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\vending.dm:708:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/food/drinks/drinkingglass: undefined type path
code\game\machinery\vending.dm:934:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/food/drinks/drinkingglass: undefined type path
code\game\machinery\vending.dm:942:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/food/drinks/drinkingglass/soda: undefined type path
code\game\machinery\vending.dm:943:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/food/drinks/drinkingglass/cola: undefined type path
code\game\machinery\vending.dm:1019:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/food/drinks/bottle/ntcahors: undefined type path
code\game\machinery\vending.dm:1021:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/food/drinks/bottle/ntcahors: undefined type path
code\modules\shuttles\escape_pods.dm:77:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\shuttles\escape_pods.dm:84:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\game\machinery\excelsior\implantmaker.dm:31:error: /obj/item/prosthesis: undefined type path
code\game\machinery\kitchen\microwave.dm:153:error: R.id: undefined var
code\game\machinery\kitchen\microwave.dm:233:error: R.id: undefined var
code\game\machinery\kitchen\microwave.dm:235:error: R.id: undefined var
code\game\machinery\kitchen\smartfridge.dm:176:error: S.dryness: undefined var
code\game\machinery\kitchen\smartfridge.dm:177:error: S.dryness: undefined var
code\game\machinery\pipe\pipe_dispenser.dm:78:error: usr.canmove: undefined var
code\game\machinery\pipe\pipe_dispenser.dm:153:error: usr.canmove: undefined var
code\game\machinery\pipe\pipe_dispenser.dm:200:error: usr.canmove: undefined var
code\game\machinery\telecomms\machine_interactions.dm:236:error: U.aiMulti: undefined type: U.aiMulti
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone_manufacturer.dm:43:error: ticker.current_state: undefined var
code\modules\paperwork\photocopier.dm:89:error: tempAI.aiCamera: undefined var
code\modules\power\gravitygenerator.dm:387:error: L.irradiate: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:18:error: clicksound: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:19:error: clickvol: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:29:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:29:error: ATOM_FLAG_OPEN_CONTAINER: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:30:error: core_skill: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:30:error: SKILL_CHEMISTRY: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:106:error: SKILL_MAX: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:106:error: core_skill: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:106:error: SKILL_MAX: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:106:error: SKILL_MIN: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:216:error: core_skill: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:315:error: core_skill: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:315:error: SKILL_COOKING: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:348:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:374:error: /obj/item/weapon/storage/plants: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:381:error: bag.remove_from_storage: undefined type: bag.remove_from_storage
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:485:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:490:error: beaker.dropInto: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:522:error: SKILL_CHEMISTRY: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:522:error: SKILL_EXPERT: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:522:error: SKILL_EXPERT: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:522:error: SKILL_MIN: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:559:error: SKILL_CHEMISTRY: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:560:error: SKILL_COOKING: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:560:error: SKILL_CHEMISTRY: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:561:error: SKILL_COOKING: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:562:error: SKILL_BASIC: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:564:error: BP_L_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:564:error: BP_R_HAND: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:571:error: DAM_SHARP: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser2.dm:5:error: clicksound: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser2.dm:6:error: clickvol: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser2.dm:22:error: obj_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser2.dm:22:error: OBJ_FLAG_ANCHORABLE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser2.dm:23:error: core_skill: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser2.dm:23:error: SKILL_CHEMISTRY: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser2.dm:149:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser2.dm:155:error: core_skill: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser2.dm:155:error: SKILL_ADEPT: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser2.dm:157:error: SKILL_ADEPT: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser2.dm:157:error: core_skill: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser2.dm:166:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser2.dm:167:error: returnTOPIC_HANDLED: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser2.dm:172:error: B.dropInto: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser2.dm:175:error: returnTOPIC_REFRESH: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser2.dm:176:error: returnTOPIC_HANDLED: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser2.dm:145:error: OnTopic: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser2.dm:171:warning: B: variable defined but not used
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser_presets.dm:65:error: core_skill: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser_presets.dm:65:error: SKILL_COOKING: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser_presets.dm:96:error: core_skill: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser_presets.dm:96:error: SKILL_COOKING: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser_presets.dm:127:error: core_skill: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser_presets.dm:127:error: SKILL_COOKING: undefined var
code\modules\recycling\conveyor2.dm:100:error: user.canmove: undefined var
code\modules\recycling\disposal.dm:143:error: user.canmove: undefined var
code\modules\recycling\disposal.dm:182:error: target.simple_move_animation: undefined proc
code\modules\research\xenoarchaeology\artifact\artifact_autocloner.dm:26:error: /mob/living/superior_animal/giant_spider/nurse: undefined type path
code\modules\research\xenoarchaeology\machinery\geosample_scanner.dm:111:error: current_reagent.id: undefined var
code\modules\virus2\dishincubator.dm:142:error: T.id: undefined var
code\game\mecha\mecha.dm:238:error: user.canmove: undefined var
code\game\mecha\combat\combat.dm:50:error: temp.take_damage: undefined proc
code\game\mecha\combat\combat.dm:52:error: temp.take_damage: undefined proc
code\modules\vehicles\train.dm:92:error: user.canmove: undefined var
code\modules\vehicles\train.dm:122:error: usr.canmove: undefined var
code\defines\obj.dm:15:error: pickSpawnLocation: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\computer\ai_core.dm:227:error: transfer.aiRadio.disabledAi: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\buildandrepair.dm:16:error: usr.canmove: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\bodybag.dm:135:error: H.in_stasis: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\bodybag.dm:142:error: H.in_stasis: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\bodybag.dm:141:warning: H: variable defined but not used
code\game\objects\structures\crates_lockers\closets.dm:124:error: L.incorporeal_move: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\crates_lockers\closets.dm:468:error: usr.canmove: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\crates_lockers\closets.dm:482:error: usr.canmove: undefined var
code\modules\mining\abandonedcrates.dm:93:error: /obj/item/organ/internal/xenos/plasmavessel: undefined type path
code\game\objects\structures\crates_lockers\closets\coffin.dm:38:error: M.set_respawn_bonus: undefined proc
code\game\objects\structures\crates_lockers\closets\secure\personal\_personal.dm:52:error: usr.canmove: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures.dm:167:error: affecting.take_damage: undefined proc
code\game\objects\structures\stool_bed_chair_nest\alien_nests.dm:51:error: /obj/item/organ/internal/xenos/hivenode: undefined type path
code\game\objects\structures\stool_bed_chair_nest\alien_nests.dm:54:error: /obj/item/organ/internal/xenos/hivenode: undefined type path
code\game\objects\structures\stool_bed_chair_nest\alien_nests.dm:67:error: M.update_canmove: undefined proc
code\game\objects\structures\stool_bed_chair_nest\alien_nests.dm:69:error: M.old_y: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\stool_bed_chair_nest\bed.dm:270:error: M.old_y: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\stool_bed_chair_nest\bed.dm:275:error: M.old_y: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\medical_stand.dm:257:error: breather.HUDneed.Find: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\medical_stand.dm:258:error: breather.HUDneed: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\medical_stand.dm:425:error: H.species.flags: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\medical_stand.dm:431:error: BLOOD_VOLUME_SAFE: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\morgue.dm:135:error: M.get_respawn_bonus: undefined proc
code\game\objects\structures\morgue.dm:141:error: M.set_respawn_bonus: undefined proc
code\game\objects\structures\morgue.dm:387:error: M.emote: undefined proc
code\game\objects\structures\morgue.dm:390:error: C.species.flags: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\morgue.dm:391:error: C.emote: undefined proc
code\game\objects\structures\musician.dm:315:error: usr.canmove: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\salvageable.dm:110:error: /obj/item/prosthesis/l_arm: undefined type path
code\game\objects\structures\salvageable.dm:111:error: /obj/item/prosthesis/r_arm: undefined type path
code\game\objects\structures\salvageable.dm:112:error: /obj/item/prosthesis/l_leg: undefined type path
code\game\objects\structures\salvageable.dm:113:error: /obj/item/prosthesis/r_leg: undefined type path
code\game\objects\structures\under_wardrobe.dm:18:error: H.all_underwear: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\under_wardrobe.dm:41:error: H.all_underwear: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\under_wardrobe.dm:42:error: H.all_underwear: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\under_wardrobe.dm:48:error: H.all_underwear: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\under_wardrobe.dm:50:error: H.all_underwear: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\wire_splicing.dm:38:error: L.m_intent: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\alien\resin.dm:41:error: /obj/item/organ/internal/xenos/hivenode: undefined type path
code\modules\library\lib_items.dm:61:error: usr.canmove: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\bot\farmbot.dm:305:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/l_arm: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\bot\farmbot.dm:305:error: /obj/item/robot_parts/r_arm: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\reagent_dispenser.dm:82:error: FLUID_SHALLOW: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_dispenser.dm:82:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\reagents\reagent_dispenser.dm:86:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_dispenser.dm:86:error: ATOM_FLAG_CLIMBABLE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_dispenser.dm:44:error: cached_number_list_decode: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_dispenser.dm:149:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_dispenser.dm:149:error: ATOM_FLAG_CLIMBABLE: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_dispenser.dm:170:error: /obj/item/weapon/wrench: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\reagent_dispenser.dm:188:error: H.a_left: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_dispenser.dm:188:error: H.a_right: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_dispenser.dm:272:error: /obj/item/weapon/wrench: undefined type path
code\modules\reagents\reagent_dispenser.dm:294:error: atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_dispenser.dm:294:error: ATOM_FLAG_CLIMBABLE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\gestalt\_gestalt.dm:4:error: 'icons/mob/gestalt.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\gestalt\_gestalt.dm:9:error: movement_handlers: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\gestalt\_gestalt.dm:9:error: /datum/movement_handler/delay: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\gestalt\_gestalt.dm:20:error: EYE_GLOW_LAYER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\gestalt\_gestalt.dm:21:error: EFFECTS_ABOVE_LIGHTING_PLANE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\gestalt\_gestalt.dm:37:error: AM.dropInto: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\gestalt\gestalt_nymph.dm:24:error: nymph.dropInto: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\gestalt\gestalt_verbs.dm:7:error: SPECIES_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\multiz\movement.dm:203:error: G: undefined type: G
code\modules\multiz\movement.dm:204:error: G.affecting: undefined type: G.affecting
code\modules\multiz\structures.dm:98:error: R.speed_factor: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:139:error: SPECIES_ALIEN: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:140:error: SPECIES_ALIEN: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:145:error: SPECIES_ALIEN: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:149:error: /obj/item/weapon/implanter/translator: undefined type path
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:150:error: SPECIES_ALIEN: undefined var
code\modules\species\outsider\random.dm:151:error: TAG_CULTURE: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\effect_system.dm:277:error: M.emote: undefined proc
code\game\objects\effects\effect_system.dm:300:error: M.emote: undefined proc
code\game\objects\effects\effect_system.dm:322:error: R.emote: undefined proc
code\game\objects\effects\chem\foam.dm:68:error: R.id: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\effect_system.dm:18:error: reagents.delete: undefined proc
code\game\objects\effects\spiders.dm:60:error: /mob/living/superior_animal/giant_spider: undefined type path
code\game\objects\effects\spiders.dm:219:error: /mob/living/superior_animal/giant_spider: undefined type path
code\game\objects\effects\step_triggers.dm:46:error: M.canmove: undefined var
code\game\objects\effects\step_triggers.dm:83:error: M.canmove: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\weaponry.dm:65:error: M.captured: undefined var
code\modules\flufftext\Hallucination.dm:343:error: my_target.halloss: undefined var
code\modules\flufftext\Hallucination.dm:351:error: my_target.halloss: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\xenobiological\items.dm:241:error: ABOVE_TURF_PLANE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\xenobiological\items.dm:242:error: RUNE_LAYER: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_items.dm:152:error: 'icons/effects/lens_flare.dmi': cannot find file
code\_onclick\hud\plane_master.dm:33:error: /datum/client_preference/ambient_occlusion: undefined type path
code\_onclick\hud\plane_master.dm:33:error: mymob.client.is_preference_enabled: undefined proc
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:136:error: parentmob.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:142:error: parentmob.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:144:error: parentmob.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:150:error: parentmob.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:152:error: parentmob.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:154:error: parentmob.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:160:error: parentmob.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:162:error: parentmob.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:164:error: parentmob.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:169:error: parentmob.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:173:error: parentmob.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:176:error: parentmob.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:178:error: parentmob.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:188:error: parentmob.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:301:error: parentmob:analgesic: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:310:error: parentmob:species.flags: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:310:error: parentmob:traumatic_shock: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:486:error: H.plasma_alert: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:780:error: C.legcuffed: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:781:error: C.legcuffed: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:782:error: C.m_intent: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:785:error: C.m_intent: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:787:error: C.m_intent: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:789:error: C.m_intent: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:798:error: C.m_intent: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:797:warning: C: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_ui.dm:2:error: 'icons/mob/gestalt.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_ui.dm:7:error: intent: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_ui.dm:7:error: intent: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_ui.dm:6:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:994:error: H.overlays_cache: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:996:error: H.overlays_cache: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:998:error: H.overlays_cache: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1000:error: H.overlays_cache: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1002:error: H.overlays_cache: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1004:error: H.overlays_cache: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1006:error: H.overlays_cache: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1008:error: H.overlays_cache: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1010:error: H.overlays_cache: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1012:error: H.overlays_cache: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1016:error: H.oxyloss: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1018:error: H.oxyloss: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1020:error: H.overlays_cache: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1022:error: H.overlays_cache: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1024:error: H.overlays_cache: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1026:error: H.overlays_cache: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1028:error: H.overlays_cache: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1030:error: H.overlays_cache: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1032:error: H.overlays_cache: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1042:error: H.overlays_cache: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1044:error: H.overlays_cache: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1046:error: H.overlays_cache: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1048:error: H.overlays_cache: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1050:error: H.overlays_cache: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1052:error: H.overlays_cache: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1235:error: parentmob.HUDinventory: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1239:error: parentmob.HUDfrippery: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1244:error: parentmob.HUDinventory: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1247:error: parentmob.HUDfrippery: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1252:error: parentmob.inventory_shown: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1253:error: parentmob.inventory_shown: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:1256:error: parentmob.inventory_shown: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\robot_screen_objects.dm:32:error: R.update_robot_modules_display: undefined proc
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\robot_screen_objects.dm:33:error: parentmob.HUDinventory: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\robot_screen_objects.dm:161:error: R.toggle_show_robot_modules: undefined proc
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\robot_screen_objects.dm:179:error: R.toggle_show_robot_modules: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_ui.dm:13:error: 'icons/mob/gestalt.dmi': cannot find file
code\game\objects\landmarks\join.dm:7:error: getSpawnPoint: undefined proc
code\game\objects\landmarks\join.dm:9:error: spawnpoints: undefined var
code\game\objects\landmarks\join.dm:23:error: getSpawnPoint: undefined proc
code\game\objects\landmarks\join.dm:28:error: SP.message: undefined var
code\game\objects\landmarks\join.dm:29:error: spawnpoints_late: undefined var
code\game\objects\random\junk.dm:47:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/food/drinks/drinkingglass: undefined type path
code\game\objects\random\junk.dm:48:error: /obj/item/weapon/reagent_containers/blood/empty: undefined type path
code\game\objects\random\structures.dm:14:error: /obj/structure/reagent_dispensers/fueltank/huge: undefined type path
code\game\objects\random\mob\roach.dm:7:error: /mob/living/superior_animal/roach: undefined type path
code\game\objects\random\mob\roach.dm:8:error: /mob/living/superior_animal/roach/tank: undefined type path
code\game\objects\random\mob\roach.dm:9:error: /mob/living/superior_animal/roach/hunter: undefined type path
code\game\objects\random\mob\roach.dm:10:error: /mob/living/superior_animal/roach/support: undefined type path
code\game\objects\random\mob\roach.dm:11:error: /mob/living/superior_animal/roach/fuhrer: undefined type path
code\game\objects\random\mob\spider.dm:8:error: /mob/living/superior_animal/giant_spider: undefined type path
code\game\objects\random\mob\spider.dm:9:error: /mob/living/superior_animal/giant_spider/nurse: undefined type path
code\game\objects\random\mob\spider.dm:10:error: /mob/living/superior_animal/giant_spider/hunter: undefined type path
code\game\area\areas.dm:240:error: L.is_preference_enabled: undefined proc
code\game\area\areas.dm:285:error: H.m_intent: undefined var
code\game\area\areas.dm:231:error: L.m_intent: undefined var
code\game\turfs\turf.dm:169:error: M.Process_Spacemove: undefined proc
code\modules\mining\mine_turfs.dm:291:error: M.HUDtech.Find: undefined var
code\modules\mining\mine_turfs.dm:292:error: M.HUDtech: undefined var
code\modules\mining\mine_turfs.dm:296:error: M.HUDtech.Find: undefined var
code\modules\mining\mine_turfs.dm:297:error: M.HUDtech: undefined var
code\game\turfs\simulated.dm:88:error: H.m_intent: undefined var
code\game\turfs\simulated.dm:109:error: M.m_intent: undefined var
code\game\turfs\turf.dm:61:error: user.canmove: undefined var
code\game\turfs\turf.dm:145:error: L.handle_footstep: undefined proc
code\game\turfs\flooring\flooring.dm:199:error: M.incorporeal_move: undefined var
code\game\turfs\flooring\flooring.dm:201:error: M.m_intent: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\gestalt\gestalt_turfs.dm:4:error: 'icons/mob/gestalt.dmi': cannot find file
code\modules\culture_descriptor\_culture.dm:6:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\_culture.dm:6:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\culture_descriptor\_culture.dm:51:error: GLOB.first_names_female: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\_culture.dm:51:error: GLOB.first_names_male: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\_culture.dm:51:error: GLOB.last_names: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\_culture.dm:105:error: returnEDUCATION_TIER_NONE: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\_culture.dm:3:error: TAG_CULTURE: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\_culture.dm:4:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\_culture.dm:5:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:2:error: CULTURE_OTHER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:6:error: CULTURE_HUMAN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:8:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:9:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:12:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_VATGROWN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:14:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:15:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:26:error: GLOB.first_names_female: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:26:error: GLOB.first_names_male: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:27:error: GLOB.first_names_female: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:27:error: GLOB.first_names_male: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:28:error: GLOB.first_names_female: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:28:error: GLOB.first_names_male: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:36:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_MARTIAN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:41:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:45:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_MARSTUN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:51:error: LANGUAGE_GUTTER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:51:error: LANGUAGE_SIGN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:55:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_LUNAPOOR: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:60:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:60:error: LANGUAGE_SPACER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:64:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_LUNARICH: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:70:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:70:error: LANGUAGE_LUNAR: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:74:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_VENUSIAN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:78:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:78:error: LANGUAGE_LUNAR: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:82:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_VENUSLOW: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:87:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:87:error: LANGUAGE_GUTTER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:91:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_BELTER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:97:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:97:error: LANGUAGE_SPACER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:101:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_PLUTO: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:106:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:106:error: LANGUAGE_GUTTER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:110:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_EARTH: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:116:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:116:error: LANGUAGE_SIGN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:120:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_CETI: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:126:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:126:error: LANGUAGE_SPACER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:130:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_SPACER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:135:error: LANGUAGE_SPACER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:135:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:139:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_SPAFRO: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:144:error: LANGUAGE_SPACER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:144:error: LANGUAGE_SIGN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:148:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_CONFED: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:153:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:153:error: LANGUAGE_INDEPENDENT: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:157:error: CULTURE_HUMAN_OTHER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:159:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures.dm:159:error: LANGUAGE_SIGN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_adherent.dm:2:error: CULTURE_ADHERENT: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_adherent.dm:3:error: LANGUAGE_ADHERENT: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_adherent.dm:9:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_adherent.dm:13:error: GLOB.full_alphabet: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_adherent.dm:13:error: GLOB.full_alphabet: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_adherent.dm:13:error: GLOB.full_alphabet: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_diona.dm:2:error: CULTURE_DIONA: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_diona.dm:3:error: LANGUAGE_ROOTLOCAL: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_diona.dm:4:error: LANGUAGE_ROOTGLOBAL: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_diona.dm:5:error: LANGUAGE_ROOTLOCAL: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_hidden.dm:7:error: CULTURE_ALIUM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_hidden.dm:8:error: LANGUAGE_ALIUM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_hidden.dm:12:error: CULTURE_STARLIGHT: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_hidden.dm:13:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_hidden.dm:17:error: CULTURE_CULTIST: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_hidden.dm:23:error: CULTURE_MONKEY: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_hidden.dm:30:error: CULTURE_FARWA: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_hidden.dm:33:error: CULTURE_NEARA: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_hidden.dm:36:error: CULTURE_STOK: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_hidden_xenophage.dm:2:error: CULTURE_XENOPHAGE_D: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_hidden_xenophage.dm:3:error: LANGUAGE_XENOPHAGE: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_hidden_xenophage.dm:4:error: LANGUAGE_XENOPHAGE: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_hidden_xenophage.dm:5:error: LANGUAGE_XENOPHAGE_HIVE: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_hidden_xenophage.dm:13:error: CULTURE_XENOPHAGE_H: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_hidden_xenophage.dm:17:error: CULTURE_XENOPHAGE_S: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_hidden_xenophage.dm:21:error: CULTURE_XENOPHAGE_Q: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_ipc.dm:2:error: CULTURE_POSITRONICS: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_ipc.dm:7:error: LANGUAGE_EAL: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_ipc.dm:8:error: LANGUAGE_EAL: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_ipc.dm:9:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_serpentid.dm:2:error: CULTURE_SERPENTID: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_serpentid.dm:3:error: LANGUAGE_NABBER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_serpentid.dm:4:error: LANGUAGE_NABBER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_serpentid.dm:5:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_serpentid.dm:6:error: LANGUAGE_NABBER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_skrell.dm:2:error: CULTURE_SKRELL_QERR: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_skrell.dm:3:error: LANGUAGE_SKRELLIAN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_skrell.dm:4:error: LANGUAGE_SKRELLIAN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_skrell.dm:17:error: CULTURE_SKRELL_MALISH: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_skrell.dm:29:error: CULTURE_SKRELL_KANIN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_skrell.dm:43:error: CULTURE_SKRELL_TALUM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_skrell.dm:56:error: CULTURE_SKRELL_RASKINTA: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_unathi.dm:2:error: CULTURE_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_unathi.dm:3:error: LANGUAGE_YEOSA: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_unathi.dm:4:error: LANGUAGE_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_vox.dm:2:error: CULTURE_VOX_ARKSHIP: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_vox.dm:3:error: LANGUAGE_VOX: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_vox.dm:4:error: LANGUAGE_VOX: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_vox.dm:5:error: LANGUAGE_VOX: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_vox.dm:6:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_vox.dm:6:error: LANGUAGE_SPACER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_vox.dm:14:error: CULTURE_VOX_SALVAGER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\culture\cultures_vox.dm:21:error: CULTURE_VOX_RAIDER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\_education.dm:3:error: TAG_EDUCATION: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\_education.dm:7:error: EDUCATION_TIER_NONE: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\_education.dm:7:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_academic.dm:2:error: EDUCATION_NONE: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_academic.dm:4:error: EDUCATION_TIER_NONE: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_academic.dm:7:error: EDUCATION_DROPOUT: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_academic.dm:9:error: EDUCATION_TIER_DROPOUT: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_academic.dm:12:error: EDUCATION_HIGH_SCHOOL: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_academic.dm:14:error: EDUCATION_TIER_BASIC: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_academic.dm:18:error: EDUCATION_TRADE_SCHOOL: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_academic.dm:20:error: EDUCATION_TIER_TRADE: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_academic.dm:24:error: EDUCATION_UNDERGRAD: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_academic.dm:26:error: EDUCATION_TIER_BACHELOR: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_academic.dm:30:error: EDUCATION_MASTERS: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_academic.dm:32:error: EDUCATION_TIER_MASTERS: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_academic.dm:36:error: EDUCATION_DOCTORATE: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_academic.dm:38:error: EDUCATION_TIER_DOCTORATE: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_academic.dm:44:error: EDUCATION_MEDSCHOOL: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_academic.dm:46:error: EDUCATION_TIER_MEDSCHOOL: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_nabber.dm:3:error: EDUCATION_NABBER_CMINUS: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_nabber.dm:33:error: EDUCATION_NABBER_C: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_nabber.dm:37:error: EDUCATION_NABBER_CPLUS: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_nabber.dm:40:error: EDUCATION_NABBER_B: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_nabber.dm:44:error: EDUCATION_NABBER_BMINUS: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_nabber.dm:47:error: EDUCATION_NABBER_BPLUS: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_nabber.dm:50:error: EDUCATION_NABBER_A: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_nabber.dm:54:error: EDUCATION_NABBER_AMINUS: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_nabber.dm:57:error: EDUCATION_NABBER_APLUS: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_skrell.dm:2:error: EDUCATION_SKRELL_FAILURE: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_skrell.dm:4:error: EDUCATION_TIER_BASIC: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_skrell.dm:7:error: EDUCATION_SKRELL_BASIC: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_skrell.dm:9:error: EDUCATION_TIER_TRADE: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_skrell.dm:13:error: EDUCATION_SKRELL_FULL: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_skrell.dm:15:error: EDUCATION_TIER_MASTERS: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_skrell.dm:19:error: EDUCATION_SKRELL_FULL_SCIENCE: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_skrell.dm:21:error: EDUCATION_TIER_DOCTORATE: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_skrell.dm:25:error: EDUCATION_SKRELL_FULL_DOCTOR: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\education\education_skrell.dm:27:error: EDUCATION_TIER_MEDSCHOOL: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\_faction.dm:5:error: TAG_FACTION: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\_faction.dm:6:error: MOB_FACTION_NEUTRAL: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\_faction.dm:6:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:2:error: FACTION_SOL_CENTRAL: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:14:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:17:error: FACTION_FLEET: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:30:error: FACTION_CORPORATE: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:41:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:44:error: FACTION_TERRAN_CONFED: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:55:error: LANGUAGE_INDEPENDENT: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:58:error: FACTION_EXPEDITIONARY: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:67:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:68:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:71:error: FACTION_NANOTRASEN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:83:error: FACTION_XYNERGY: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:92:error: FACTION_HEPHAESTUS: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:101:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:102:error: LANGUAGE_SIGN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:102:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:105:error: FACTION_FREETRADE: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:114:error: LANGUAGE_SPACER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:117:error: FACTION_PCRC: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:124:error: LANGUAGE_SPACER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:125:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:125:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:128:error: FACTION_DAIS: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:137:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:140:error: FACTION_OTHER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions.dm:143:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions_adherent.dm:2:error: FACTION_ADHERENT_PRESERVERS: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions_adherent.dm:7:error: LANGUAGE_ADHERENT: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions_adherent.dm:10:error: FACTION_ADHERENT_LOYALISTS: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions_adherent.dm:17:error: FACTION_ADHERENT_SEPARATISTS: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions_hidden.dm:2:error: FACTION_TEST_SUBJECTS: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions_ipc.dm:2:error: FACTION_POSITRONICS: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions_ipc.dm:13:error: LANGUAGE_EAL: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions_unathi.dm:2:error: FACTION_UNATHI_POLAR: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions_unathi.dm:6:error: LANGUAGE_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions_unathi.dm:9:error: FACTION_UNATHI_DESERT: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions_unathi.dm:15:error: FACTION_UNATHI_SAVANNAH: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions_unathi.dm:20:error: FACTION_UNATHI_DIAMOND_PEAK: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions_unathi.dm:26:error: FACTION_UNATHI_SALT_SWAMP: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions_unathi.dm:32:error: FACTION_UNATHI_YEOSA: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions_unathi.dm:37:error: LANGUAGE_YEOSA: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions_vox.dm:2:error: FACTION_VOX_CREW: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions_vox.dm:3:error: LANGUAGE_VOX: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions_vox.dm:12:error: FACTION_VOX_RAIDER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions_vox.dm:19:error: FACTION_VOX_APEX: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions_xenophage.dm:2:error: FACTION_XENOPHAGE: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions_xenophage.dm:3:error: LANGUAGE_XENOPHAGE: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions_xenophage.dm:4:error: LANGUAGE_XENOPHAGE: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\faction\factions_xenophage.dm:5:error: LANGUAGE_XENOPHAGE_HIVE: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\_location.dm:4:error: LANGUAGE_SIGN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\_location.dm:6:error: TAG_HOMEWORLD: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\_location.dm:8:error: FACTION_SOL_CENTRAL: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\_location.dm:8:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations.dm:2:error: HOME_SYSTEM_STATELESS: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations.dm:8:error: HOME_SYSTEM_OTHER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations.dm:18:error: HOME_SYSTEM_DEEP_SPACE: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_adherent.dm:2:error: HOME_SYSTEM_ADHERENT: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_adherent.dm:8:error: LANGUAGE_ADHERENT: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_adherent.dm:15:error: HOME_SYSTEM_ADHERENT_MOURNER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_diona.dm:2:error: HOME_SYSTEM_DIONAEA: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_diona.dm:7:error: LANGUAGE_ROOTLOCAL: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_diona.dm:8:error: LANGUAGE_ROOTGLOBAL: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_diona.dm:9:error: LANGUAGE_SIGN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_diona.dm:9:error: LANGUAGE_SPACER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:2:error: HOME_SYSTEM_MARS: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:15:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:16:error: LANGUAGE_SIGN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:16:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:19:error: HOME_SYSTEM_EARTH: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:27:error: LANGUAGE_SIGN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:27:error: LANGUAGE_LUNAR: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:33:error: HOME_SYSTEM_LUNA: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:49:error: LANGUAGE_LUNAR: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:50:error: LANGUAGE_SIGN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:50:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:53:error: HOME_SYSTEM_VENUS: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:70:error: HOME_SYSTEM_CERES: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:80:error: LANGUAGE_SPACER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:81:error: LANGUAGE_SIGN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:81:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:81:error: LANGUAGE_GUTTER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:84:error: HOME_SYSTEM_PLUTO: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:96:error: LANGUAGE_GUTTER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:97:error: LANGUAGE_SIGN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:97:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:97:error: LANGUAGE_SPACER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:100:error: HOME_SYSTEM_TAU_CETI: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:114:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:115:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:115:error: LANGUAGE_SIGN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:118:error: HOME_SYSTEM_HELIOS: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:127:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:128:error: LANGUAGE_SIGN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:128:error: LANGUAGE_SPACER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:133:error: HOME_SYSTEM_TERRA: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:141:error: LANGUAGE_INDEPENDENT: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:142:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:142:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:147:error: HOME_SYSTEM_TERSTEN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:163:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:164:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:164:error: LANGUAGE_SIGN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:167:error: HOME_SYSTEM_LORRIMAN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:179:error: LANGUAGE_SIGN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:182:error: HOME_SYSTEM_CINU: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:196:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:197:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:197:error: LANGUAGE_SIGN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:200:error: HOME_SYSTEM_YUKLID: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:211:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:212:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:212:error: LANGUAGE_SIGN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:215:error: HOME_SYSTEM_LORDANIA: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:227:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:228:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:228:error: LANGUAGE_LUNAR: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:231:error: HOME_SYSTEM_KINGSTON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:243:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:244:error: LANGUAGE_SPACER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:244:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:247:error: HOME_SYSTEM_GAIA: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:257:error: LANGUAGE_SOL_COMMON: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:258:error: LANGUAGE_INDEPENDENT: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_human.dm:258:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_ipc.dm:2:error: HOME_SYSTEM_ROOT: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_ipc.dm:7:error: LANGUAGE_EAL: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_serpentids.dm:2:error: HOME_SYSTEM_SERPENTIDS: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_serpentids.dm:3:error: LANGUAGE_NABBER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_skrell.dm:2:error: HOME_SYSTEM_QERRBALAK: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_skrell.dm:9:error: LANGUAGE_SKRELLIAN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_skrell.dm:10:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_unathi.dm:2:error: HOME_SYSTEM_MOGHES: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_unathi.dm:7:error: LANGUAGE_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_unathi.dm:10:error: LANGUAGE_SIGN: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_vox.dm:2:error: HOME_SYSTEM_VOX_ARK: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_vox.dm:3:error: LANGUAGE_VOX: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_vox.dm:10:error: LANGUAGE_GALCOM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_vox.dm:15:error: HOME_SYSTEM_VOX_SHROUD: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\location\locations_vox.dm:23:error: HOME_SYSTEM_VOX_SHIP: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\religion\_religion.dm:3:error: TAG_RELIGION: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\religion\religions_human.dm:2:error: RELIGION_OTHER: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\religion\religions_human.dm:6:error: RELIGION_JUDAISM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\religion\religions_human.dm:10:error: RELIGION_HINDUISM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\religion\religions_human.dm:14:error: RELIGION_BUDDHISM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\religion\religions_human.dm:18:error: RELIGION_ISLAM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\religion\religions_human.dm:22:error: RELIGION_CHRISTIANITY: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\religion\religions_human.dm:26:error: RELIGION_AGNOSTICISM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\religion\religions_human.dm:30:error: RELIGION_DEISM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\religion\religions_human.dm:34:error: RELIGION_ATHEISM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\religion\religions_human.dm:38:error: RELIGION_THELEMA: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\religion\religions_human.dm:42:error: RELIGION_SPIRITUALISM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\religion\religions_unathi.dm:2:error: RELIGION_UNATHI_VINE: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\religion\religions_unathi.dm:8:error: RELIGION_UNATHI_PRECURSOR: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\religion\religions_unathi.dm:14:error: RELIGION_UNATHI_STRATAGEM: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\religion\religions_unathi.dm:20:error: RELIGION_UNATHI_LIGHTS: undefined var
code\modules\culture_descriptor\religion\religions_vox.dm:2:error: RELIGION_VOX: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\npcs.dm:18:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\npcs.dm:19:error: uniform: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\npcs.dm:20:error: shoes: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\npcs.dm:20:error: /obj/item/clothing/shoes/white: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\npcs.dm:21:error: head: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\npcs.dm:21:error: /obj/item/clothing/head/helmet/facecover: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\npcs.dm:22:error: mask: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\npcs.dm:23:error: suit: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\npcs.dm:29:error: SUIT_LOCKED_SENSORS: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\npcs.dm:25:error: post_equip: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:5:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:14:error: SKILL_AVERAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:14:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:15:error: SKILL_ADEPT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:15:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:19:error: SKILL_BASIC: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:19:error: SKILL_ADEPT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:21:error: SKILL_EXPERT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:21:error: SKILL_PROF: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:31:error: children: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:34:error: log_error: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:40:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:42:error: SKILL_EASY: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:43:error: SKILL_MAX: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:79:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:89:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:46:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:48:error: SKILL_EASY: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:49:error: SKILL_MAX: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:101:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:111:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:118:error: SKILL_AVERAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:122:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:129:error: SKILL_AVERAGE: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:130:error: SKILL_ADEPT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:134:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:144:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:52:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:54:error: SKILL_EASY: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:55:error: SKILL_MAX: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:156:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:166:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:58:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:178:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:188:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:198:error: SKILL_BASIC: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:200:error: SKILL_ADEPT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:202:error: SKILL_EXPERT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:202:error: SKILL_PROF: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:209:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:220:error: SKILL_BASIC: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:220:error: SKILL_ADEPT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:220:error: SKILL_EXPERT: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:222:error: SKILL_PROF: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:62:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:231:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:238:error: SKILL_EASY: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:242:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:252:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:262:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:269:error: SKILL_HARD: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:66:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:275:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:285:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:70:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:72:error: SKILL_HARD: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:297:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:307:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:317:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:327:error: name: undefined var
code\modules\materials\materials.dm:670:error: /obj/item/organ/internal/xenos/hivenode: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\inventory.dm:70:error: slot_tie: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:28:error: /mob/living/silicon/ai/proc/ai_power_override: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:29:error: /mob/living/silicon/ai/proc/ai_shutdown: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\mimic.dm:9:error: /obj/structure/wall_frame: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\mimic.dm:12:error: /obj/structure/ladder: undefined type path
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\mimic.dm:13:error: /obj/structure/stairs: undefined type path
code\modules\admin\bluespacetech.dm:46:error: bst.backbag: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\adminpm.dm:60:error: src.handle_spam_prevention: undefined proc
code\modules\admin\verbs\adminpm.dm:105:error: C.is_preference_enabled: undefined proc
code\modules\admin\verbs\deadsay.dm:20:error: src.handle_spam_prevention: undefined proc
code\modules\admin\verbs\playsound.dm:21:error: M.is_preference_enabled: undefined proc
code\modules\admin\verbs\randomverbs.dm:233:error: P.time_of_death: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\randomverbs.dm:234:error: P.time_of_death: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\randomverbs.dm:353:error: A.randomize_appearance_for: undefined proc
code\modules\admin\view_variables\helpers.dm:4:error: get_view_variables_header: duplicate definition
code\modules\admin\view_variables\helpers.dm:6:error: get_view_variables_header: previous definition
code\modules\admin\view_variables\helpers.dm:35:error: get_view_variables_options: duplicate definition
code\modules\admin\view_variables\helpers.dm:37:error: get_view_variables_options: previous definition
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:288:error: GLOB.clients: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:1114:error: mob.hud_used: undefined var
code\game\verbs\ooc.dm:48:error: target.is_preference_enabled: undefined proc
code\game\verbs\ooc.dm:133:error: M.is_preference_enabled: undefined proc
code\modules\admin\verbs\adminhelp.dm:17:error: src.handle_spam_prevention: undefined proc
code\modules\admin\verbs\adminhelp.dm:44:error: X.is_preference_enabled: undefined proc
code\modules\client\ui_style.dm:37:error: usr.hud_used.adding: undefined var
code\modules\client\ui_style.dm:37:error: usr.hud_used.other: undefined var
code\modules\client\ui_style.dm:37:error: usr.hud_used.hotkeybuttons: undefined var
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:127:error: GLOB.clients.len: undefined var
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:142:error: GLOB.clients: undefined var
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:143:error: GLOB.ckey_directory: undefined var
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:148:error: GLOB.admins: undefined var
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:161:error: GLOB.using_map.map_info: undefined var
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:193:error: src.lore_splash: undefined proc
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:210:error: GLOB.admins: undefined var
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:211:error: GLOB.ckey_directory: undefined var
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:212:error: GLOB.clients: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\pray.dm:16:error: src.client.handle_spam_prevention: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\say.dm:26:error: usr.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\say.dm:28:error: usr.emote: undefined proc
code\datums\mob_stats.dm:89:error: src.stats.getStat: undefined var
code\game\sound.dm:307:error: M.hallucination: undefined var
code\game\dna\dna2_helpers.dm:134:error: H.hair_color: undefined var
code\game\dna\dna2_helpers.dm:136:error: H.facial_color: undefined var
code\game\dna\dna2_helpers.dm:138:error: H.skin_color: undefined var
code\game\dna\dna2_helpers.dm:140:error: H.eyes_color: undefined var
code\game\dna\dna2_helpers.dm:163:error: H.body_build: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:140:error: G: undefined type: G
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:144:error: G.affecting: undefined type: G.affecting
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:149:error: T.species.flags: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:157:error: G.state: undefined type: G.state
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:174:error: src.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:181:error: affecting.take_damage: undefined proc
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:279:error: H.transforming: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:280:error: H.canmove: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:292:error: H.transforming: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:294:error: H.update_canmove: undefined proc
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:377:error: C.transforming: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:378:error: C.canmove: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:441:error: C.update_canmove: undefined proc
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:444:error: C.emote: undefined proc
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:445:error: C.tod: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:459:error: C.update_canmove: undefined proc
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:504:error: C.update_canmove: undefined proc
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:705:error: src.client.CH.handler_name: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:723:error: T.hallucination: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:856:error: src.client.CH: undefined var
code\modules\mob\inventory.dm:28:error: W.mob_can_equip: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\inventory.dm:247:error: O.reset_plane_and_layer: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\inventory.dm:254:error: I.dropInto: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\login.dm:9:error: GLOB.player_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\login.dm:46:error: GLOB.admins: undefined var
code\modules\mob\logout.dm:22:error: GLOB.admins.len: undefined var
code\modules\mob\logout.dm:24:error: GLOB.visibility_pref: undefined var
code\modules\mob\logout.dm:25:error: world.update_hub_visibility: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\logout.dm:26:error: GLOB.visibility_pref: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:44:error: ability_master: undefined type: ability_master
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:183:error: T.movement_delay: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:189:error: move_intent.move_delay: undefined type: move_intent.move_delay
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:182:warning: T: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:643:error: C.leave_evidence: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:67:error: GLOB.lobby_sound_channel: undefined var
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:70:error: GLOB.using_map.default_law_type: undefined var
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:81:warning: sloc: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:88:warning: tripai: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:95:warning: sloc: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_verbs.dm:97:error: S.name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_verbs.dm:114:error: skill.name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\hallucinations.dm:14:error: handle_hallucinations: duplicate definition
code\modules\flufftext\Hallucination.dm:22:error: handle_hallucinations: previous definition
code\modules\virus2\helpers.dm:162:error: src.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:35:error: GLOB.MONKEYBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:36:error: GLOB.MONKEYBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:131:error: mind.special_role: undefined var
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:315:error: src.mind.special_role: undefined var
code\modules\mob\transform_procs.dm:317:error: src.mind.special_role: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\appearance.dm:40:error: GLOB.hair_styles_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\appearance.dm:55:error: GLOB.facial_hair_styles_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\appearance.dm:168:error: S.gender: undefined type: S.gender
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\appearance.dm:170:error: S.gender: undefined type: S.gender
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\appearance.dm:172:error: S: undefined type: S
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\appearance.dm:166:warning: S: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:170:error: L.imp_in: undefined type: L.imp_in
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:171:error: L.implanted: undefined type: L.implanted
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:173:error: L: undefined type: L
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:174:error: L.part: undefined type: L.part
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:175:error: L.implanted: undefined type: L.implanted
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1093:error: C.mob_can_equip: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:224:error: W.atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_helpers.dm:70:error: G.light_protection: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_powers.dm:17:error: GLOB.hair_styles_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_powers.dm:19:error: hair_style.flags: undefined type: hair_style.flags
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_powers.dm:24:error: GLOB.hair_styles_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_powers.dm:25:error: GLOB.hair_styles_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_powers.dm:26:error: test.flags: undefined type: test.flags
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_powers.dm:28:error: hair_style: undefined type: hair_style
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_powers.dm:17:warning: hair_style: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_powers.dm:23:warning: valid_hairstyles: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_powers.dm:25:warning: test: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:1063:error: mind.special_role: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:1064:error: mind.special_role: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:1064:error: GLOB.hud_icon_reference: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:1065:error: mind.special_role: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:1065:error: GLOB.hud_icon_reference: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\stripping.dm:66:error: UW.DelayedRemoveUnderwear: undefined type: UW.DelayedRemoveUnderwear
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\stripping.dm:67:error: UW: undefined type: UW
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\stripping.dm:94:error: C.attach_accessory: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\stripping.dm:65:warning: UW: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:382:warning: UW: variable defined but not used
code\game\objects\items\weapons\handcuffs.dm:104:error: H.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\handcuffs.dm:116:error: O.take_damage: undefined proc
code\modules\admin\bluespacetech.dm:118:error: src.custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\admin\bluespacetech.dm:157:error: src.incorporeal_move: undefined var
code\modules\admin\bluespacetech.dm:158:error: src.incorporeal_move: undefined var
code\modules\admin\bluespacetech.dm:161:error: src.incorporeal_move: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:40:error: GLOB.using_map.id_hud_icons: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:48:error: GLOB.human_mob_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:59:error: GLOB.human_mob_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:70:error: move_intent.name: undefined type: move_intent.name
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:874:error: organ.gunshot_residue: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1588:error: T.is_flooded: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1600:error: T.show_bubbles: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1603:error: water_act: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_attackhand.dm:169:error: src.MayMove: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:27:error: P.penetration_modifier: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:149:error: I.melee_accuracy_bonus: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:197:error: GLOB.hit_appends: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:355:error: O.damage_flags: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_movement.dm:44:error: I.slowdown_general: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_movement.dm:45:error: I.slowdown_per_slot: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_movement.dm:46:error: I.slowdown_accessory: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_species.dm:9:error: GLOB.human_mob_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\npcs.dm:11:error: C.attach_accessory: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\inventory.dm:45:error: W.update_held_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\inventory.dm:354:error: W.hud_layerise: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:847:error: GLOB.scarySounds: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:1120:error: GLOB.global_hud.nvg: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:1120:error: GLOB.global_hud.thermal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:1120:error: GLOB.global_hud.meson: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:1120:error: GLOB.global_hud.science: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\npcs.dm:40:error: outfit.equip: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\npcs.dm:42:error: F: undefined type: F
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\npcs.dm:43:error: F.name: undefined type: F.name
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\npcs.dm:43:error: F.SetName: undefined type: F.SetName
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:190:error: auras: undefined type: auras
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:191:error: auras: undefined type: auras
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:488:error: w_uniform.get_mob_overlay: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:499:error: U.rolled_down: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:500:error: wear_id.get_mob_overlay: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:512:error: gloves.get_mob_overlay: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:524:error: glasses.use_alt_layer: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:524:error: glasses.get_mob_overlay: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:525:error: glasses.use_alt_layer: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:543:error: l_ear.get_mob_overlay: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:545:error: r_ear.get_mob_overlay: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:555:error: shoes.get_mob_overlay: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:567:error: s_store.get_mob_overlay: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:575:error: head.get_mob_overlay: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:583:error: belt.use_alt_layer: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:583:error: belt.get_mob_overlay: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:584:error: belt.use_alt_layer: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:594:error: wear_suit.get_mob_overlay: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\_nymph.dm:96:error: D.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_attacks.dm:94:error: tray.plant_seed: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\larva\life.dm:15:error: plant: undefined type: plant
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\larva\life.dm:15:error: plant.seed.type: undefined type: plant.seed.type
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\larva\life.dm:14:error: plant: unknown variable type
code\game\machinery\doors\airlock.dm:1056:error: species.flags: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:35:error: move_intent.flags: undefined type: move_intent.flags
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:37:error: move_intent.flags: undefined type: move_intent.flags
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon.dm:434:error: onDropInto: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\carbon_defense.dm:11:error: I.damage_flags: undefined proc
code\_onclick\ai.dm:61:error: aiMulti: undefined type: aiMulti
code\_onclick\ai.dm:189:error: cameranet.checkTurfVis: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\camera\tracking.dm:12:error: cameranet.process_sort: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\say.dm:101:error: GLOB.player_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:206:error: GLOB.malf: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:206:error: GLOB.malf.current_antagonists: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:378:error: GLOB.using_map.boss_short: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:383:error: GLOB.using_map.boss_short: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:535:error: t.get_rank: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:553:error: holo.may_be_used_by_ai: undefined type: holo.may_be_used_by_ai
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:554:error: holo: undefined type: holo
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\malf.dm:41:error: GLOB.using_map.security_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\malf.dm:77:error: GLOB.using_map.station_levels: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:573:error: aiMulti: undefined type: aiMulti
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:122:error: GLOB.ai_names: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:126:error: GLOB.ai_names: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:127:error: GLOB.silicon_mob_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:613:error: card.grab_ai: undefined type: card.grab_ai
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:612:warning: card: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:692:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\death.dm:18:error: card.update_icon: undefined type: card.update_icon
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\latejoin.dm:38:error: GLOB.global_announcer.autosay: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\laws.dm:20:error: GLOB.silicon_mob_list: undefined var
code\_onclick\cyborg.dm:120:error: G.force_holder: undefined var
code\_onclick\cyborg.dm:131:error: G.force_holder: undefined var
code\_onclick\cyborg.dm:134:error: G.force_holder: undefined var
code\_onclick\cyborg.dm:145:error: G.force_holder: undefined var
code\_onclick\cyborg.dm:148:error: G.force_holder: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\inventory.dm:227:error: O.hud_layerise: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\inventory.dm:234:error: O.hud_layerise: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\inventory.dm:241:error: O.hud_layerise: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:274:error: GLOB.robot_module_types: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:275:error: GLOB.using_map.security_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\laws.dm:24:error: mind.special_role: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\laws.dm:33:error: mind.special_role: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\life.dm:204:error: GLOB.traitors.current_antagonists: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\life.dm:212:error: src.mind.special_role: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\life.dm:213:error: src.mind.special_role: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\life.dm:214:error: GLOB.traitors.current_antagonists: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:53:error: =: expected a constant expression
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:214:error: mmi.dropInto: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:518:error: WT.remove_fuel: undefined type: WT.remove_fuel
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:560:error: C.parts: undefined type: C.parts
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:560:error: C: undefined type: C
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:561:error: C.parts: undefined type: C.parts
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:561:error: C: undefined type: C
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:562:error: C.parts: undefined type: C.parts
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:562:error: C: undefined type: C
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:563:error: C.parts: undefined type: C.parts
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:563:error: C: undefined type: C
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:564:error: C.update_icon: undefined type: C.update_icon
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:674:error: U.require_module: undefined type: U.require_module
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:676:error: U.locked: undefined type: U.locked
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:679:error: U.action: undefined type: U.action
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:680:error: U: undefined type: U
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:760:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:863:error: O.hud_layerise: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:869:error: O.hud_layerise: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:875:error: O.hud_layerise: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:1112:error: GLOB.lawchanges.Add: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone.dm:71:error: hat.dropInto: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone.dm:344:error: GLOB.using_map.default_law_type: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone.dm:150:error: GLOB.using_map.company_name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone.dm:166:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone.dm:263:error: GLOB.lawchanges.Add: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone_abilities.dm:7:error: GLOB.tagger_locations: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone_say.dm:32:error: GLOB.player_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:186:error: GLOB.player_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:191:error: cable.machine: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:195:error: cable.machine: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:199:error: cable.machine: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:199:error: cable.machine: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:209:error: cable.machine: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\laws.dm:15:error: GLOB.using_map.default_law_type: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\laws.dm:120:error: GLOB.lawchanges: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\silicon.dm:342:error: GLOB.traitors.current_antagonists: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\silicon.dm:345:error: GLOB.malf.current_antagonists: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\silicon.dm:367:error: mind.objectives.len: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\silicon.dm:368:error: mind.objectives: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\silicon.dm:369:error: mind.special_role: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\laws.dm:8:error: GLOB.using_map.default_law_type: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\silicon.dm:34:error: GLOB.silicon_mob_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\silicon.dm:48:error: GLOB.silicon_mob_list: undefined var
code\_onclick\item_attack.dm:59:error: user.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\farm_animals.dm:55:error: SV.die_off: undefined type: SV.die_off
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\farm_animals.dm:52:error: SV: unknown variable type
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\farm_animals.dm:64:warning: food: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\commanded\bear_companion.dm:31:error: src.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\hostile\commanded\bear_companion.dm:36:error: src.emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\parrot.dm:637:error: G.detonate: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\simple_animal.dm:242:error: MED.animal_heal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\simple_animal.dm:247:error: MED.animal_heal: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\worm.dm:73:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\worm.dm:125:error: update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\borer\borer.dm:51:error: GLOB.borers.add_antagonist: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\borer\borer.dm:170:error: GLOB.borers.remove_antagonist: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\borer\borer_powers.dm:187:error: src.mind.special_role: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\borer\borer_powers.dm:120:error: GLOB.borers.faction_role_text: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\borer\borer_powers.dm:120:error: GLOB.borers.faction_welcome: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\borer\borer_powers.dm:120:error: GLOB.borers.add_antagonist_mind: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\borer\say.dm:36:error: GLOB.player_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\farm_animals.dm:171:error: : expected a constant expression
code\game\machinery\camera\tracking.dm:216:error: cameranet.checkVis: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:176:error: tmob.MayMove: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:623:error: holster.holstered: undefined type: holster.holstered
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:624:error: holster.clear_holster: undefined type: holster.clear_holster
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:625:error: holster: undefined type: holster
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:630:error: C.cooking_obj: undefined type: C.cooking_obj
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:631:error: C.check_cooking_obj: undefined type: C.check_cooking_obj
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:622:warning: holster: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:629:warning: C: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:768:error: auras: undefined type: auras
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:768:error: auras: undefined type: auras
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:768:error: auras: undefined type: auras
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:773:error: auras: undefined type: auras
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:773:error: auras: undefined type: auras
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:773:error: auras.len: undefined type: auras.len
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:773:error: auras: undefined type: auras
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:90:error: auras: undefined type: auras
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:94:error: auras: undefined type: auras
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:95:warning: aura: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:162:error: I.damage_flags: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:343:error: I.default_action_type: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:345:error: I.action.SetTarget: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\bot\ed209bot.dm:34:error: G.power_supply.charge: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\bot\ed209bot.dm:33:warning: G: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\bot\secbot.dm:46:error: stun_baton.bcell: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\bot\secbot.dm:47:error: stun_baton.set_status: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\bot\secbot.dm:60:error: stun_baton.set_status: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\bot\secbot.dm:64:error: stun_baton.set_status: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\bot\farmbot.dm:122:warning: source: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\bot\medibot.dm:171:error: reagent_glass.dropInto: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\bot\mulebot.dm:307:error: load.reset_plane_and_layer: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\bot\mulebot.dm:323:error: AM.reset_plane_and_layer: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:764:error: auras: undefined type: auras
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:765:error: auras: undefined type: auras
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:778:error: auras: undefined type: auras
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:779:error: auras: undefined type: auras
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:811:error: loc.is_flooded: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:816:error: T.show_bubbles: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:815:warning: T: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:825:error: A.waterproof: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:826:error: A.water_act: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:819:error: water_act: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:74:error: P.damage_flags: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:191:error: O.damage_flags: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\say.dm:245:error: src.custom_emote: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\borer\borer_captive.dm:26:error: GLOB.player_list: undefined var
code\modules\projectiles\targeting\targeting_mob.dm:29:error: update_canmove: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:209:error: mind.current.reload_fullscreen: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:374:error: GLOB.using_map.admin_levels: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:564:error: ghost_multitool: undefined type: ghost_multitool
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:43:error: body.attack_logs_: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:53:error: GLOB.first_names_male: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:53:error: GLOB.last_names: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:55:error: GLOB.first_names_female: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:55:error: GLOB.last_names: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:62:error: GLOB.latejoin: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:62:error: GLOB.latejoin_cryo: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:62:error: GLOB.latejoin_gateway: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:66:error: GLOB.first_names_male: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:66:error: GLOB.last_names: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:69:error: GLOB.cult: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:70:error: GLOB.cult.add_ghost_magic: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:74:error: GLOB.ghost_mob_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:79:error: GLOB.ghost_mob_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\ghost\ghost.dm:115:error: target.mind.special_role: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\freelook\cult\mask.dm:16:error: D.following: undefined type: D.following
code\modules\mob\observer\freelook\cult\mask.dm:17:error: D.stop_follow: undefined type: D.stop_follow
code\modules\mob\observer\freelook\cult\mask.dm:15:warning: D: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\observer\virtual\base.dm:40:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\observer\observer.dm:67:error: GLOB.using_map.sealed_levels: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\login.dm:38:error: GLOB.player_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\login.dm:47:error: GLOB.using_map.security_state: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:299:error: job.is_available: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:302:error: job.is_restricted: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:307:error: job.latejoin_at_spawnpoints: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:315:error: job.is_available: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:349:error: GLOB.universe.OnPlayerLatejoin: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:371:error: GLOB.global_announcer.autosay: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:392:error: GLOB.using_map.station_name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:398:error: job.get_join_link: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:402:error: job.get_unavailable_reasons: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:412:error: SSmapping.submaps: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:419:error: job.get_join_link: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:423:error: job.get_unavailable_reasons: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:413:warning: submap: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:418:warning: job: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:477:error: GLOB.lobby_sound_channel: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:499:error: GLOB.GLASSESBLOCK: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:87:error: GLOB.player_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:122:error: GLOB.lobby_sound_channel: undefined var
code\modules\mob\login.dm:60:error: GLOB.player_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\logout.dm:4:error: GLOB.player_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:3:error: GLOB.dead_mob_list_: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:4:error: GLOB.living_mob_list_: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:16:error: screenobj.globalscreen: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:50:error: move_intent: undefined type: move_intent
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:50:error: move_intent: undefined type: move_intent
code\_helpers\game.dm:214:error: M.is_preference_enabled: undefined proc
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:126:warning: B: variable defined but not used
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:135:warning: H: variable defined but not used
code\_helpers\global_lists.dm:147:warning: H: variable defined but not used
code\_helpers\mobs.dm:32:error: S.gender: undefined type: S.gender
code\_helpers\mobs.dm:34:error: S.gender: undefined type: S.gender
code\_helpers\mobs.dm:36:error: S.species_allowed: undefined type: S.species_allowed
code\_helpers\mobs.dm:31:warning: S: variable defined but not used
code\_helpers\mobs.dm:51:error: S.gender: undefined type: S.gender
code\_helpers\mobs.dm:53:error: S.gender: undefined type: S.gender
code\_helpers\mobs.dm:55:error: S.species_allowed: undefined type: S.species_allowed
code\_helpers\mobs.dm:50:warning: S: variable defined but not used
code\_helpers\mobs.dm:70:error: current_species.sanitize_name: undefined proc
code\_helpers\mobs.dm:78:error: current_species.name_language: undefined var
code\_helpers\mobs.dm:84:error: current_species.get_random_name: undefined proc
code\_helpers\mobs.dm:182:error: G: undefined type: G
code\_helpers\mobs.dm:182:error: G.state: undefined type: G.state
code\_helpers\mobs.dm:181:error: G: unknown variable type
code\datums\datacore.dm:231:error: hair_style: undefined type: hair_style
code\datums\datacore.dm:232:error: hair_style.icon: undefined type: hair_style.icon
code\datums\datacore.dm:232:error: hair_style.icon_state: undefined type: hair_style.icon_state
code\datums\datacore.dm:235:error: hair_style: undefined type: hair_style
code\datums\datacore.dm:236:error: hair_style: undefined type: hair_style
code\datums\datacore.dm:237:error: hair_style.icon: undefined type: hair_style.icon
code\datums\datacore.dm:237:error: hair_style.icon_state: undefined type: hair_style.icon_state
code\modules\client\preferences_spawnpoints.dm:9:error: GLOB.using_map.allowed_spawns: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:411:error: GLOB.sec_hud_users: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:414:error: GLOB.med_hud_users: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:675:error: GLOB.living_mob_list_: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\bot\bot.dm:412:error: O.atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\bot\bot.dm:390:error: LinkBlockedWithAccess: duplicate definition
code\game\machinery\bots\bots.dm:161:error: LinkBlockedWithAccess: previous definition
code\modules\mob\living\bot\bot.dm:419:error: DirBlockedWithAccess: duplicate definition
code\game\machinery\bots\bots.dm:190:error: DirBlockedWithAccess: previous definition
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:336:error: G.hud_type: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:336:error: G.hud.hud_type: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:340:error: sight.hud_type: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone.dm:391:error: GLOB.silicon_mob_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\observer\observer.dm:63:error: GLOB.player_list: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:312:warning: P: variable defined but not used
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_powers.dm:2:error: GLOB.living_mob_list_: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystems\jobs.dm:90:error: player.client.prefs.GetJobDepartment: undefined proc
code\controllers\subsystems\jobs.dm:261:error: player.client.prefs.GetJobDepartment: undefined proc
code\controllers\subsystems\jobs.dm:307:error: H.client.prefs.gear: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystems\jobs.dm:307:error: H.client.prefs.gear.len: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystems\jobs.dm:308:error: H.client.prefs.gear: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystems\jobs.dm:329:error: H.client.prefs.gear: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystems\jobs.dm:353:error: H.client.prefs.gear: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystems\jobs.dm:422:error: H.client.prefs.gear: undefined var
code\controllers\subsystems\jobs.dm:550:error: player.client.prefs.GetJobDepartment: undefined proc
code\controllers\subsystems\jobs.dm:552:error: player.client.prefs.GetJobDepartment: undefined proc
code\controllers\subsystems\jobs.dm:554:error: player.client.prefs.GetJobDepartment: undefined proc
code\controllers\subsystems\jobs.dm:579:error: spawnpos.getFreeTurfs: undefined proc
code\controllers\subsystems\jobs.dm:585:error: returnspawnpos.message: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_ui.dm:40:error: src.adding: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_ui.dm:41:error: src.other: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_ui.dm:59:error: src.adding: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_ui.dm:59:error: src.other: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\nymph_ui.dm:38:error: FinalizeInstantiation: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:686:error: GLOB.hair_styles_list: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:696:error: GLOB.facial_hair_styles_list: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:408:error: GLOB.using_map.allowed_jobs: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:414:error: job.is_restricted: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:418:error: job.is_restricted: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:422:error: job.is_restricted: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:438:error: GLOB.using_map.flags: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:442:error: GLOB.using_map.flags: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\01_candidacy.dm:37:error: GLOB.all_antag_types_: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\01_candidacy.dm:119:error: GLOB.all_antag_types_: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:13:error: decl_instance.name: undefined type: decl_instance.name
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:13:error: decl_instance.name: undefined type: decl_instance.name
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:13:error: decl_instance.name: undefined type: decl_instance.name
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:13:error: decl_instance.name: undefined type: decl_instance.name
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:13:error: decl_instance: undefined type: decl_instance
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:13:warning: decl_instance: variable defined but not used
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:30:warning: UL: variable defined but not used
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:39:error: GLOB.default_uplink_source_priority: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:46:warning: US: variable defined but not used
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:68:error: US: undefined type: US
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:68:error: US: undefined type: US
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:73:error: US: undefined type: US
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:75:error: US: undefined type: US
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:83:error: US: undefined type: US
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:85:error: US: undefined type: US
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:67:warning: US: variable defined but not used
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:72:warning: US: variable defined but not used
code\modules\client\preference_setup\antagonism\02_setup.dm:82:warning: US: variable defined but not used
code\modules\client\preference_setup\background\01_culture.dm:36:error: GLOB.using_map.default_cultural_info: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:107:error: GLOB.hair_styles_list: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:108:error: GLOB.facial_hair_styles_list: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:134:error: GLOB.body_marking_styles_list: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:168:error: config.use_cortical_stacks: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:357:error: config.usealienwhitelist: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:472:error: GLOB.body_marking_styles_list.Copy: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:475:error: S.species_allowed.len: undefined type: S.species_allowed.len
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:477:error: S.species_allowed: undefined type: S.species_allowed
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:21:error: backpack_outfit.name: undefined type: backpack_outfit.name
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:21:error: backpack_outfit: undefined type: backpack_outfit
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:20:warning: backpack_outfit: variable defined but not used
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:31:error: pref.backpack: undefined type: pref.backpack
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:36:error: pref.backpack.name: undefined type: pref.backpack.name
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:43:error: GLOB.underwear.categories: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:53:error: GLOB.underwear.categories_by_name: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:65:error: pref.backpack: undefined type: pref.backpack
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:65:error: pref.backpack.name: undefined type: pref.backpack.name
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:66:error: pref.backpack: undefined type: pref.backpack
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:76:warning: backpack: variable defined but not used
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:80:warning: tweak: variable defined but not used
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:88:error: GLOB.underwear.categories: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:94:error: UWI.tweaks: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:98:error: pref.backpack.name: undefined type: pref.backpack.name
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:99:error: pref.backpack.tweaks: undefined type: pref.backpack.tweaks
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:100:error: pref.backpack.name: undefined type: pref.backpack.name
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:100:error: pref.backpack: undefined type: pref.backpack
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:99:warning: bt: variable defined but not used
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:138:error: GLOB.underwear.categories_by_name: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:157:error: pref.backpack: undefined type: pref.backpack
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:159:error: pref.backpack: undefined type: pref.backpack
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:165:warning: bo: variable defined but not used
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:166:warning: bt: variable defined but not used
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:192:error: pref.backpack: undefined type: pref.backpack
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:194:error: pref.backpack: undefined type: pref.backpack
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\03_equipment.dm:196:error: pref.backpack.name: undefined type: pref.backpack.name
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\04_flavor.dm:22:error: GLOB.robot_module_types: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\04_flavor.dm:37:error: GLOB.robot_module_types: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\04_flavor.dm:125:error: GLOB.robot_module_types: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\laws\laws_pref.dm:79:error: initial: bad variable
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:77:error: config.loadout_slots: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:80:error: config.loadout_slots: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:81:error: config.loadout_slots: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:83:error: config.loadout_slots: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:99:error: config.max_gear_cost: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:116:error: config.max_gear_cost: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:122:error: config.max_gear_cost: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:123:error: config.max_gear_cost: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:176:error: player_branch.type: undefined type: player_branch.type
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:177:error: player_branch.name: undefined type: player_branch.name
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:175:warning: player_branch: variable defined but not used
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:236:error: config.max_gear_cost: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:251:error: config.loadout_slots: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:257:error: config.loadout_slots: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:73:error: GLOB.using_map.allowed_jobs: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:77:error: job.alt_titles: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:93:error: GLOB.using_map.flags: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:98:error: GLOB.using_map.flags: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:140:error: job.player_old_enough: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:141:error: job.available_in_days: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:145:error: job.is_species_allowed: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:150:error: job.allowed_branches: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:153:error: job.allowed_branches: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:156:error: job.allowed_ranks: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:159:error: job.allowed_ranks: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:170:error: GLOB.command_positions: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:190:error: job.alt_titles: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:85:warning: player_branch: variable defined but not used
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:86:warning: player_rank: variable defined but not used
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:224:error: job.alt_titles: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:246:error: current_branch: undefined type: current_branch
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:257:error: job.get_branches: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:262:error: job.get_ranks: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:288:error: S.name: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:302:error: job.alt_titles: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:303:error: job.alt_titles: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:304:error: job.get_job_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:313:error: job.allowed_branches: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:315:error: job.allowed_branches: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:317:error: job.get_ranks: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:321:error: job.get_description_blurb: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:322:error: job.required_education: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:323:error: job.required_education: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:244:warning: current_branch: variable defined but not used
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\occupation.dm:316:warning: B: variable defined but not used
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\skill_selection.dm:60:error: GLOB.using_map.allowed_jobs: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\skill_selection.dm:160:error: skill.children: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\skill_selection.dm:161:error: cat.name: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\skill_selection.dm:163:error: cat.children: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\skill_selection.dm:168:error: S.name: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\skill_selection.dm:159:warning: skill: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_ui.dm:91:error: S.name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_ui.dm:91:error: initial: bad variable
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_ui.dm:90:warning: S: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_ui.dm:107:error: S.name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_ui.dm:241:error: antag.skill_setter.initialize_skills: undefined var
code\datums\craft\step.dm:200:error: I.get_holding_mob: undefined proc
code\datums\objective\harm.dm:44:error: head.disfigured: undefined var
code\datums\repositories\cameras.dm:27:error: cameranet.process_sort: undefined proc
code\game\antagonist\antagonist_equip.dm:64:error: traitor_mob.client.prefs.uplinklocation: undefined var
code\game\antagonist\antagonist_equip.dm:71:error: traitor_mob.client.prefs.uplinklocation: undefined var
code\game\antagonist\antagonist_equip.dm:78:error: traitor_mob.client.prefs.uplinklocation: undefined var
code\game\antagonist\station\changeling.dm:31:error: H.species.flags: undefined var
code\game\dna\side_effects.dm:30:error: E.take_damage: undefined proc
code\game\dna\side_effects.dm:29:warning: E: variable defined but not used
code\game\dna\side_effects.dm:46:error: E.take_damage: undefined proc
code\game\objects\effects\chem\foam.dm:108:error: R.id: undefined var
code\modules\client\asset_cache.dm:213:error: GLOB.using_map.map_levels: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:153:error: GLOB.last_names: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:155:error: GLOB.last_names: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:241:error: GLOB.underwear.categories_by_name: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:246:error: UWD.create_underwear: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:247:error: UW: undefined type: UW
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:248:error: UW.ForceEquipUnderwear: undefined type: UW.ForceEquipUnderwear
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:252:error: backpack: undefined type: backpack
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:252:error: backpack: undefined type: backpack
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:259:error: GLOB.body_marking_styles_list: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:262:error: mark_datum.body_parts: undefined type: mark_datum.body_parts
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:265:error: mark_datum: undefined type: mark_datum
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:319:error: GLOB.using_map.character_load_path: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences_savefile.dm:49:error: GLOB.using_map.character_load_path: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences_savefile.dm:53:error: GLOB.using_map.character_load_path: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences_savefile.dm:63:error: GLOB.using_map.character_save_path: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\skill_selection.dm:21:error: branch: undefined type: branch
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\skill_selection.dm:21:error: branch.min_skill: undefined type: branch.min_skill
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\skill_selection.dm:22:error: branch.min_skill: undefined type: branch.min_skill
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\skill_selection.dm:20:warning: branch: variable defined but not used
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\skill_selection.dm:86:error: GLOB.using_map.allowed_jobs: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\skill_selection.dm:106:error: job.skill_points: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\occupation\skill_selection.dm:107:error: job.no_skill_buffs: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\preferences_setup.dm:33:error: GLOB.underwear.categories: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\preferences_setup.dm:37:error: backpack: undefined type: backpack
code\modules\client\preferences_spawnpoints.dm:46:error: GLOB.latejoin: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences_spawnpoints.dm:54:error: GLOB.latejoin_gateway: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences_spawnpoints.dm:63:error: GLOB.latejoin_cryo: undefined var
code\modules\client\preferences_spawnpoints.dm:72:error: GLOB.latejoin_cyborg: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\preferences.dm:95:error: GLOB.using_map.lobby_track.play_to: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\preferences.dm:97:error: GLOB.lobby_sound_channel: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\preferences.dm:105:error: GLOB.lobby_sound_channel: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\global\preferences.dm:106:error: GLOB.ambience_sound_channel: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\matchmaking\matchmaking.dm:122:error: GLOB.player_list: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\matchmaking\relations_types.dm:97:error: GLOB.using_map: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\matchmaking\relations_types.dm:97:error: GLOB.using_map.flags: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\matchmaking\relations_types.dm:102:error: buddymob.char_branch: undefined type: buddymob.char_branch
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\inquisitor.dm:152:error: eye.target: undefined type: eye.target
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\inquisitor.dm:153:error: eye.owner_mob: undefined type: eye.owner_mob
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\inquisitor.dm:154:error: eye.owner_loc: undefined type: eye.owner_loc
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\inquisitor.dm:155:error: eye.owner: undefined type: eye.owner
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\inquisitor.dm:155:error: eye: undefined type: eye
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\inquisitor.dm:156:error: eye: undefined type: eye
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\inquisitor.dm:151:warning: eye: variable defined but not used
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\base.dm:71:warning: S: variable defined but not used
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\priest.dm:172:error: E.take_damage: undefined proc
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\priest.dm:171:warning: E: variable defined but not used
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\priest.dm:205:error: E.take_damage: undefined proc
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\rituals\priest.dm:204:warning: E: variable defined but not used
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\modules.dm:11:error: H.update_implants: undefined proc
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\modules.dm:10:warning: H: variable defined but not used
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\modules.dm:20:error: H.update_implants: undefined proc
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\modules.dm:19:warning: H: variable defined but not used
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Other.dm:164:error: GLOB.cult.offer_uncult: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Other.dm:168:error: GLOB.godcult.is_antagonist: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Other.dm:180:error: GLOB.godcult.remove_antagonist: undefined var
code\modules\ghosttrap\trap.dm:113:error: P: undefined type: P
code\modules\ghosttrap\trap.dm:114:error: P: undefined type: P
code\modules\ghosttrap\trap.dm:116:error: P.searching: undefined type: P.searching
code\modules\ghosttrap\trap.dm:117:error: P.name: undefined type: P.name
code\modules\ghosttrap\trap.dm:117:error: P.brainmob.name: undefined type: P.brainmob.name
code\modules\ghosttrap\trap.dm:118:error: P.icon_state: undefined type: P.icon_state
code\modules\ghosttrap\trap.dm:112:warning: P: variable defined but not used
code\modules\hydroponics\seed.dm:139:error: affecting.take_damage: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\grab\grab_datum.dm:187:error: affecting.reset_plane_and_layer: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\grab\grab_datum.dm:194:error: affecting.reset_plane_and_layer: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\grab\nab\grab_nab.dm:97:error: G.assailant.zone_sel.selecting: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:136:error: G.assailant.zone_sel.selecting: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:182:error: hat.damage_flags: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\grab\normal\grab_normal.dm:269:error: W.damage_flags: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\language\generic.dm:34:error: GLOB.first_names_female: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\generic.dm:34:error: GLOB.first_names_male: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\generic.dm:34:error: GLOB.last_names: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\language.dm:27:error: GLOB.first_names_female: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\language.dm:27:error: GLOB.last_names: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\language.dm:29:error: GLOB.first_names_male: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\language.dm:29:error: GLOB.last_names: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\language.dm:108:error: GLOB.player_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\station.dm:81:error: GLOB.first_names_female: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\station.dm:81:error: GLOB.last_names: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\station.dm:83:error: GLOB.first_names_male: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\station.dm:83:error: GLOB.last_names: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\station.dm:106:error: GLOB.ai_names: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\station.dm:191:error: GLOB.first_names_female: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\station.dm:193:error: GLOB.first_names_male: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\synthetic.dm:24:error: GLOB.ghost_mob_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\synthetic.dm:27:error: GLOB.dead_mob_list_: undefined var
code\modules\mob\language\synthetic.dm:31:error: GLOB.living_mob_list_: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:405:warning: A: variable defined but not used
code\modules\species\species.dm:574:error: returnshoes.move_trail: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:586:error: attacker.zone_sel.selecting: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:597:error: I.on_disarm_attempt: undefined proc
code\modules\species\species.dm:645:error: GLOB.hair_styles_list: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:646:error: GLOB.hair_styles_list: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:647:error: S.species_allowed: undefined type: S.species_allowed
code\modules\species\species.dm:650:error: S: undefined type: S
code\modules\species\species.dm:646:warning: S: variable defined but not used
code\modules\species\species.dm:664:error: GLOB.facial_hair_styles_list: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:665:error: GLOB.facial_hair_styles_list: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:666:error: S.gender: undefined type: S.gender
code\modules\species\species.dm:668:error: S.gender: undefined type: S.gender
code\modules\species\species.dm:670:error: S.species_allowed: undefined type: S.species_allowed
code\modules\species\species.dm:673:error: S: undefined type: S
code\modules\species\species.dm:665:warning: S: variable defined but not used
code\modules\species\species_helpers.dm:52:error: GLOB.living_mob_list_: undefined var
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:38:error: CG: undefined type: CG
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:38:error: CG.GenerateRGB: undefined type: CG.GenerateRGB
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:38:warning: CG: variable defined but not used
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:49:error: CG: undefined type: CG
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:49:error: CG.GenerateRGB: undefined type: CG.GenerateRGB
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:49:warning: CG: variable defined but not used
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:60:error: CG: undefined type: CG
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:60:error: CG.GenerateRGB: undefined type: CG.GenerateRGB
code\modules\species\species_random.dm:60:warning: CG: variable defined but not used
code\modules\species\species.dm:289:error: GLOB.using_map.available_cultural_info: undefined var
code\modules\species\species.dm:297:error: GLOB.using_map.default_cultural_info: undefined var
code\modules\species\station\prometheans.dm:22:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\station\prometheans.dm:23:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\station\prometheans.dm:29:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\outsider\shadow.dm:19:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:72:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\outsider\starlight.dm:104:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:33:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\outsider\vox.dm:41:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:43:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:44:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\station\adherent.dm:46:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\station\golem.dm:10:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\station\human_subspecies.dm:24:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\station\human_subspecies.dm:48:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\station\human_subspecies.dm:116:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:19:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:96:error: M.monitor_state_index: undefined type: M.monitor_state_index
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:97:error: M.update_icon: undefined type: M.update_icon
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:95:warning: M: variable defined but not used
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:38:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\station\machine.dm:39:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:62:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:63:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\station\nabber.dm:64:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:136:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:284:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\station\station.dm:286:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:144:error: plant: undefined type: plant
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:144:error: plant.seed: undefined type: plant.seed
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:144:error: plant.seed.name: undefined type: plant.seed.name
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:143:error: plant: unknown variable type
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_species.dm:44:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Holder.dm:68:error: SSchemistry.mark_for_update: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Holder.dm:83:error: SSchemistry.chemical_reactions_by_id: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Holder.dm:18:error: SSchemistry.unmark_for_update: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\unarmed_attack.dm:101:error: C.leave_evidence: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:149:error: user.cable.machine: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:168:error: P.cable.machine: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\pai\software_modules.dm:169:error: P.cable.machine: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_ui.dm:44:error: skill.children: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_ui.dm:46:error: V.name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_ui.dm:48:error: V.children: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_ui.dm:50:error: S.name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\skills\skill_ui.dm:43:warning: skill: variable defined but not used
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Recipes.dm:1124:warning: P: variable defined but not used
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Recipes.dm:1287:error: S.key_data: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Recipes.dm:1288:error: S.key_data: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Recipes.dm:1289:error: key.uses: undefined type: key.uses
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Recipes.dm:1288:error: key: unknown variable type
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Recipes.dm:1286:warning: S: variable defined but not used
code\modules\surgery\implant.dm:200:error: imp.islegal: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\implant.dm:226:error: obj.dropInto: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\implant.dm:231:error: imp.removed: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\implant.dm:199:warning: imp: variable defined but not used
code\modules\surgery\implant.dm:230:warning: imp: variable defined but not used
code\modules\surgery\limb_reattach.dm:124:error: p.part: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\limb_reattach.dm:125:error: p.part: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\limb_reattach.dm:123:warning: p: variable defined but not used
code\modules\surgery\limb_reattach.dm:138:error: L.part: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\limb_reattach.dm:139:error: L.part: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\limb_reattach.dm:147:error: L.model_info: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\limb_reattach.dm:148:error: L.sabotaged: undefined var
code\modules\surgery\limb_reattach.dm:134:warning: L: variable defined but not used
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:240:error: O.dropInto: undefined proc
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:383:error: A: undefined type: A
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:384:error: A.augment_flags: undefined type: A.augment_flags
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:385:error: A: undefined type: A
code\modules\surgery\organs_internal.dm:382:warning: A: variable defined but not used
code\modules\surgery\other.dm:119:error: welder.isOn: undefined type: welder.isOn
code\modules\surgery\other.dm:119:error: welder.remove_fuel: undefined type: welder.remove_fuel
code\modules\surgery\other.dm:118:warning: welder: variable defined but not used
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:203:error: welder.isOn: undefined type: welder.isOn
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:203:error: welder.remove_fuel: undefined type: welder.remove_fuel
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:202:warning: welder: variable defined but not used
code\modules\surgery\robotics.dm:485:warning: A: variable defined but not used
code\modules\virus2\effect.dm:229:error: B.take_damage: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:26:error: GLOB.using_map.loadout_blacklist: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\loadout.dm:26:error: GLOB.using_map.loadout_blacklist: undefined var
code\modules\client\asset_cache.dm:248:error: GLOB.clients: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\latejoin.dm:6:warning: S: variable defined but not used
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Reagents\Chemistry-Reagents-Helpers.dm:1:error: can_be_injected_by: duplicate definition
code\modules\integrated\integrated_electronics\subtypes\reagents.dm:1:error: can_be_injected_by: previous definition
code\ZAS\Airflow.dm:129:error: M.setMoveCooldown: undefined proc
code\ZAS\Airflow.dm:181:error: src:client:move_delay: undefined var
code\game\objects\buckling.dm:41:error: buckled_mob.update_canmove: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\glass.dm:260:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\drinkingglass\drinkingglass.dm:94:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\drinkingglass\shaker.dm:20:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\drinks.dm:91:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\snacks.dm:1348:warning: monkey: variable defined but not used
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\sushi.dm:68:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers.dm:189:error: user.zone_sel.selecting: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\blood_pack.dm:34:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\hypospray.dm:39:error: user.zone_sel.selecting: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\hypospray.dm:99:error: W.atom_flags: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\syringes.dm:88:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\syringes.dm:151:error: user.zone_sel.selecting: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\syringes.dm:162:error: user.zone_sel.selecting: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\syringes.dm:236:error: user.zone_sel.selecting: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\syringes.dm:271:error: user.zone_sel.selecting: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\tools\_tools.dm:229:error: S.robotic: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\tools\_tools.dm:240:error: S.open: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\tools\_tools.dm:242:error: S.open: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\material\shards.dm:82:error: affecting.robotic: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\material\shards.dm:84:error: affecting.take_damage: undefined proc
code\game\objects\items\weapons\autopsy.dm:41:error: O.trace_chemicals.len: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\autopsy.dm:74:error: O.trace_chemicals: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\autopsy.dm:75:error: O.trace_chemicals: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\autopsy.dm:191:error: S.open: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\paiwire.dm:6:error: src.machine: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\implant\implant.dm:75:warning: H: variable defined but not used
code\game\objects\items\weapons\implant\implant.dm:89:error: part.take_damage: undefined proc
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\cruciform.dm:86:error: R.owner: undefined type: R.owner
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\cruciform.dm:88:error: R.name: undefined type: R.name
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\cruciform.dm:89:error: R.name: undefined type: R.name
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\cruciform.dm:90:error: R.droplimb: undefined type: R.droplimb
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\cruciform.dm:99:error: R.part.take_damage: undefined proc
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\cruciform.dm:85:warning: R: variable defined but not used
code\modules\core_implant\cruciform\cruciform.dm:103:warning: H: variable defined but not used
code\modules\projectiles\gun.dm:296:warning: G: variable defined but not used
code\modules\projectiles\gun.dm:327:warning: mob: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\holder.dm:54:warning: mob_container: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\bot\ed209bot.dm:122:error: WT.remove_fuel: undefined type: WT.remove_fuel
code\modules\mob\living\bot\ed209bot.dm:121:warning: WT: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\bot\secbot.dm:285:error: WT.remove_fuel: undefined type: WT.remove_fuel
code\modules\mob\living\bot\secbot.dm:284:warning: WT: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:63:error: R.silicon_radio.recalculateChannels: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:78:error: R.silicon_radio.recalculateChannels: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:451:error: T: undefined type: T
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:451:error: T.power_supply: undefined type: T.power_supply
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:452:error: T.power_supply.charge: undefined type: T.power_supply.charge
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:452:error: T.power_supply.maxcharge: undefined type: T.power_supply.maxcharge
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:453:error: T.charge_cost: undefined type: T.charge_cost
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:453:error: T.power_supply.give: undefined type: T.power_supply.give
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:454:error: T.update_icon: undefined type: T.update_icon
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:456:error: T.charge_tick: undefined type: T.charge_tick
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:459:error: B.bcell: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:460:error: B.bcell.give: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:450:error: T: unknown variable type
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:581:error: PW.synths: undefined type: PW.synths
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:582:error: PW: undefined type: PW
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:580:warning: PW: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:828:error: MC.receptacle_value: undefined type: MC.receptacle_value
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:829:error: MC.dispensing: undefined type: MC.dispensing
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:830:error: MC: undefined type: MC
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot_modules.dm:827:error: MC: unknown variable type
code\game\objects\items.dm:272:error: eyes.robotic: undefined var
code\game\objects\items.dm:285:error: affecting.take_damage: undefined proc
code\game\objects\items.dm:284:warning: affecting: variable defined but not used
code\modules\surgery\surgery.dm:124:error: user.zone_sel.selecting: undefined var
code\modules\power\cable.dm:512:error: S.robotic: undefined var
code\modules\power\cable.dm:520:error: S.open: undefined var
code\modules\power\cable.dm:523:error: S.open: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:39:error: affecting.robotic: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:78:error: affecting.open: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:161:error: affecting.open: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:211:error: affecting.open: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\medical.dm:288:error: affecting.open: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\nanopaste.dm:31:error: S.open: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\stacks\nanopaste.dm:32:error: S.robotic: undefined var
code\modules\clothing\accessories\accessory.dm:108:error: heart.robotic: undefined var
code\game\mecha\equipment\tools\medical_tools.dm:189:error: SG.reagents.trans_id_to: undefined proc
code\game\mecha\equipment\weapons\weapons.dm:54:error: H.targeted_organ: undefined var
code\game\mecha\equipment\weapons\weapons.dm:53:warning: H: variable defined but not used
code\modules\projectiles\projectile.dm:231:error: G: unknown variable type
code\game\objects\items.dm:128:error: old_loc.get_holding_mob: undefined proc
code\game\objects\items\devices\scanners.dm:117:error: org.robotic: undefined var
code\modules\virus2\items_devices.dm:19:warning: H: variable defined but not used
code\game\objects\items\devices\organ_module\_module.dm:8:error: E.module: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\organ_module\_module.dm:15:error: E.module: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\organ_module\passive\armor.dm:7:error: E.brute_mod: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\organ_module\passive\armor.dm:10:error: E.brute_mod: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\organ_module\passive\muscule.dm:7:error: E.tally: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\devices\organ_module\passive\muscule.dm:10:error: E.tally: undefined var
code\modules\clothing\spacesuits\rig\modules\ninja.dm:134:warning: G: variable defined but not used
code\modules\reagents\reagent_containers\food\snacks.dm:2594:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\grab\grab_object.dm:30:error: attacker.zone_sel.selecting: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\grab_object.dm:76:error: assailant.zone_sel.selecting: undefined var
code\modules\mob\grab\grab_object.dm:133:error: assailant.zone_sel.selecting: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:481:error: config.health_threshold_dead: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:694:error: config.organ_regeneration_multiplier: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1038:error: suit.handle_fracture: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1037:warning: suit: variable defined but not used
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1043:error: config.organ_health_multiplier: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external_damage.dm:59:error: config.organ_health_multiplier: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:168:error: I.obj_flags: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:329:error: imp_device.imp_in: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1199:error: imp_device.removed: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\external\_external.dm:1198:warning: imp_device: variable defined but not used
code\modules\organs\external\_external_icons.dm:60:warning: mark_style: variable defined but not used
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:145:error: GLOB.facial_hair_styles_list: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:146:error: facial_hair_style: undefined type: facial_hair_style
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:146:error: facial_hair_style.species_allowed: undefined type: facial_hair_style.species_allowed
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:146:error: facial_hair_style.species_allowed: undefined type: facial_hair_style.species_allowed
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:147:error: facial_hair_style.icon: undefined type: facial_hair_style.icon
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:147:error: facial_hair_style.icon_state: undefined type: facial_hair_style.icon_state
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:148:error: facial_hair_style.do_colouration: undefined type: facial_hair_style.do_colouration
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:149:error: facial_hair_style.blend: undefined type: facial_hair_style.blend
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:154:error: GLOB.hair_styles_list: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:156:error: hair_style.flags: undefined type: hair_style.flags
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:157:error: hair_style: undefined type: hair_style
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:157:error: GLOB.hair_styles_list: undefined var
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:158:error: hair_style: undefined type: hair_style
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:158:error: hair_style.species_allowed: undefined type: hair_style.species_allowed
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:159:error: hair_style.icon: undefined type: hair_style.icon
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:159:error: hair_style.icon_state: undefined type: hair_style.icon_state
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:160:error: hair_style.do_colouration: undefined type: hair_style.do_colouration
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:161:error: hair_style.blend: undefined type: hair_style.blend
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:145:warning: facial_hair_style: variable defined but not used
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:154:warning: hair_style: variable defined but not used
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:118:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\external\head.dm:17:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\external\_external_icons.dm:68:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\external\_external_icons.dm:100:warning: mark_style: variable defined but not used
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:23:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:55:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:71:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:96:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:121:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\external\standard.dm:146:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\external\species\diona.dm:39:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\external\species\diona.dm:57:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\external\species\diona.dm:76:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\external\species\diona.dm:97:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\organs\internal\species\adherent.dm:26:error: GLOB.full_alphabet: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\adherent.dm:31:error: GLOB.full_alphabet: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:63:error: src.brainmob: undefined type: src.brainmob
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:63:error: src.brainmob.key: undefined type: src.brainmob.key
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:121:error: src.brainmob.SetName: undefined type: src.brainmob.SetName
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:122:error: src.brainmob.real_name: undefined type: src.brainmob.real_name
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:122:error: src.brainmob.name: undefined type: src.brainmob.name
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:73:error: src.brainmob: undefined type: src.brainmob
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:73:error: src.brainmob.key: undefined type: src.brainmob.key
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:94:error: src.brainmob: undefined type: src.brainmob
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:94:error: src.brainmob.key: undefined type: src.brainmob.key
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:95:error: src.brainmob.stat: undefined type: src.brainmob.stat
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:97:error: src.brainmob.client: undefined type: src.brainmob.client
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:108:error: src.brainmob: undefined type: src.brainmob
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:113:error: src.brainmob.emp_damage: undefined type: src.brainmob.emp_damage
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:115:error: src.brainmob.emp_damage: undefined type: src.brainmob.emp_damage
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:117:error: src.brainmob.emp_damage: undefined type: src.brainmob.emp_damage
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:138:error: src.brainmob: undefined type: src.brainmob
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:138:error: src.brainmob.key: undefined type: src.brainmob.key
code\modules\organs\internal\species\ipc.dm:137:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\organs\internal\species\xenophage.dm:88:error: GLOB.xenomorphs.remove_antagonist: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\xenophage.dm:99:error: GLOB.xenomorphs.faction_role_text: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\xenophage.dm:99:error: GLOB.xenomorphs.faction_welcome: undefined var
code\modules\organs\internal\species\xenophage.dm:99:error: GLOB.xenomorphs.add_antagonist_mind: undefined var
code\game\machinery\cryo.dm:176:error: affect_grab: undefined proc
code\modules\power\apc.dm:554:warning: Gri: variable defined but not used
code\modules\supermatter\supermatter.dm:109:warning: H: variable defined but not used
code\game\machinery\camera\camera.dm:119:error: cameranet.updateVisibility: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\camera\camera.dm:444:error: cameranet.removeCamera: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\camera\camera.dm:447:error: cameranet.addCamera: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\camera\camera.dm:449:error: cameranet.updateVisibility: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\observer\freelook\ai\update_triggers.dm:24:error: update_coverage: duplicate definition
code\game\machinery\camera\camera.dm:439:error: update_coverage: previous definition
code\game\dna\dna_modifier.dm:105:error: affect_grab: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\computer\aifixer.dm:74:error: src.occupant.hardware_integrity: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\computer\aifixer.dm:74:error: src.occupant.backup_capacitor: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\computer\robot.dm:96:error: target.canmove: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\robot.dm:97:error: target.canmove: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\robot.dm:98:error: target.canmove: undefined var
code\game\machinery\computer\robot.dm:98:error: target.canmove: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone_console.dm:61:error: GLOB.tagger_locations: undefined var
code\game\machinery\adv_med.dm:71:error: affect_grab: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\bioprinter.dm:51:error: O.robotic: undefined var
code\game\machinery\bioprinter.dm:54:error: O.transplant_data: undefined var
code\game\machinery\bioprinter.dm:56:error: O.transplant_data: undefined var
code\game\machinery\bioprinter.dm:57:error: O.transplant_data: undefined var
code\game\machinery\bioprinter.dm:58:error: O.transplant_data: undefined var
code\game\machinery\bioprinter.dm:48:warning: O: variable defined but not used
code\game\machinery\cryopod.dm:518:warning: H: variable defined but not used
code\game\machinery\cryopod.dm:537:warning: H: variable defined but not used
code\game\machinery\flasher.dm:116:warning: M: variable defined but not used
code\game\machinery\recharger.dm:34:warning: Gri: variable defined but not used
code\game\machinery\Sleeper.dm:137:error: affect_grab: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\suit_storage_unit.dm:481:error: affect_grab: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\suit_storage_unit.dm:637:error: affect_grab: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\washing_machine.dm:85:error: affect_grab: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\kitchen\gibber.dm:112:error: affect_grab: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\kitchen\microwave.dm:174:error: affect_grab: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\kitchen\microwave.dm:388:error: O.reagents.get_master_reagent_id: undefined proc
code\game\machinery\telecomms\machine_interactions.dm:235:warning: U: variable defined but not used
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:401:error: material.chem_products: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:375:warning: bag: variable defined but not used
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:475:error: OnTopic: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:533:error: material.chem_products.len: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:536:error: material.chem_products: undefined var
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Machinery.dm:532:warning: material: variable defined but not used
code\modules\reagents\dispenser\dispenser2.dm:184:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\recycling\disposal.dm:52:error: affect_grab: undefined proc
code\game\mecha\mecha.dm:1226:error: src.occupant.canmove: undefined var
code\game\mecha\mecha.dm:1268:error: src.occupant.canmove: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\window.dm:243:error: affect_grab: undefined proc
code\game\objects\items\bodybag.dm:134:warning: H: variable defined but not used
code\game\objects\structures\crates_lockers\closets.dm:319:error: affect_grab: undefined proc
code\game\objects\effects\chem\foam.dm:176:error: affect_grab: undefined proc
code\game\objects\structures\stool_bed_chair_nest\alien_nests.dm:23:error: buckled_mob.old_y: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\stool_bed_chair_nest\alien_nests.dm:37:error: buckled_mob.old_y: undefined var
code\game\objects\structures\stool_bed_chair_nest\bed.dm:91:error: affect_grab: undefined proc
code\game\objects\structures\kitchen_spike.dm:15:error: affect_grab: undefined proc
code\game\objects\structures\low_wall.dm:464:error: affect_grab: undefined proc
code\game\objects\structures\railing.dm:211:error: affect_grab: undefined proc
code\game\objects\structures\watercloset.dm:83:error: affect_grab: undefined proc
code\game\objects\structures\watercloset.dm:128:error: affect_grab: undefined proc
code\modules\holodeck\HolodeckObjects.dm:276:error: affect_grab: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_dispenser.dm:100:error: T.get_fluid_depth: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_dispenser.dm:107:error: T.add_fluid: undefined proc
code\modules\reagents\reagent_dispenser.dm:187:warning: H: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\gestalt\_gestalt.dm:25:error: on_update_icon: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\alien\diona\gestalt\_gestalt.dm:36:warning: AM: variable defined but not used
code\modules\multiz\movement.dm:203:warning: G: variable defined but not used
code\modules\multiz\structures.dm:97:warning: R: variable defined but not used
code\game\objects\effects\step_triggers.dm:44:warning: M: variable defined but not used
code\game\objects\effects\step_triggers.dm:81:warning: M: variable defined but not used
code\modules\admin\verbs\buildmode.dm:74:error: master.cl.buildmode: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\buildmode.dm:152:error: master.cl.buildmode: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\buildmode.dm:158:error: master.cl.buildmode: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\buildmode.dm:160:error: master.cl.buildmode: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\buildmode.dm:163:error: master.cl.buildmode: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\buildmode.dm:166:error: master.cl.buildmode: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\buildmode.dm:169:error: master.cl.buildmode: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\buildmode.dm:173:error: master.cl.buildmode: undefined var
code\modules\hydroponics\spreading\spreading_response.dm:49:error: buckled_mob.update_canmove: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\xenobiological\items.dm:278:error: GLOB.player_list: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\login.dm:9:error: GLOB.using_map.lobby_icon: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\login.dm:11:error: GLOB.using_map.lobby_screens: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\login.dm:14:error: GLOB.using_map.lobby_screens: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\login.dm:16:error: GLOB.using_map.lobby_screens.len: undefined var
code\modules\mob\new_player\login.dm:17:error: GLOB.using_map.lobby_screens: undefined var
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:86:error: G.s_click: undefined type: G.s_click
code\_onclick\hud\screen_objects\base_screen_objects.dm:85:warning: G: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\bot\bot.dm:375:error: CardinalTurfsWithAccess: duplicate definition
code\game\machinery\bots\bots.dm:146:error: CardinalTurfsWithAccess: previous definition
code\game\turfs\turf.dm:144:warning: L: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\skills\skill.dm:32:error: C.children: undefined var
code\modules\admin\verbs\randomverbs.dm:223:warning: P: variable defined but not used
code\modules\admin\verbs\randomverbs.dm:352:warning: A: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:1155:error: mob.zone_sel.selecting: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:1155:error: selector.set_selected_zone: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:1154:warning: selector: variable defined but not used
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:55:warning: ticket: variable defined but not used
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:74:warning: ticket: variable defined but not used
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:126:error: config.player_limit: undefined var
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:127:error: config.player_limit: undefined var
code\modules\client\client_procs.dm:129:error: config.player_limit: undefined var
code\game\gamemodes\changeling\changeling_powers.dm:139:warning: G: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\login.dm:31:error: config.login_export_addr: undefined var
code\modules\mob\login.dm:42:error: config.login_export_addr: undefined var
code\modules\mob\logout.dm:24:error: config.delist_when_no_admins: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:782:error: facedir: duplicate definition
code\_onclick\click.dm:358:error: facedir: previous definition
code\modules\mob\mob_helpers.dm:604:error: fully_replace_character_name: duplicate definition
code\_helpers\unsorted.dm:289:error: fully_replace_character_name: previous definition
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\viruses.dm:38:error: V.process: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:169:warning: L: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:303:error: returnwear_mask.visible_name: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:706:warning: H: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:721:warning: H: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1072:error: config.use_cortical_stacks: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_attackhand.dm:3:error: zone_sel.selecting: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:285:error: config.organ_health_multiplier: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\life.dm:1009:error: J.hud_icon: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:765:error: S.get_collar: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:764:warning: S: variable defined but not used
code\modules\species\xenomorphs\alien_powers.dm:86:error: config.alien_eggs_allowed: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:61:error: w_uniform.get_examine_line: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:65:error: head.get_examine_line: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:69:error: wear_suit.get_examine_line: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:72:error: s_store.get_examine_line: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:76:error: back.get_examine_line: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:80:error: l_hand.get_examine_line: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:84:error: r_hand.get_examine_line: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:88:error: gloves.get_examine_line: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:94:error: belt.get_examine_line: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:98:error: shoes.get_examine_line: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:104:error: wear_mask.get_examine_line: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:108:error: glasses.get_examine_line: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:112:error: l_ear.get_examine_line: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:116:error: r_ear.get_examine_line: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\examine.dm:120:error: wear_id.get_examine_line: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:54:error: dna.s_base: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:241:warning: UW: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1580:error: wear_mask.filters_water: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human.dm:1589:error: wear_mask.filters_water: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_attackhand.dm:36:error: H.zone_sel.selecting: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_attackhand.dm:47:error: H.zone_sel.selecting: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_attackhand.dm:122:error: M.zone_sel.selecting: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_attackhand.dm:138:error: H.zone_sel.selecting: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_damage.dm:12:error: config.health_threshold_dead: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:293:error: user.zone_sel.selecting: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\human_defense.dm:324:error: L.zone_sel.selecting: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\inventory.dm:208:error: l_hand.update_twohanding: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\inventory.dm:214:error: r_hand.update_twohanding: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\npcs.dm:41:error: F: unknown variable type
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\npcs.dm:39:warning: outfit: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:614:error: wear_mask.get_mob_overlay: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:622:error: back.get_mob_overlay: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:638:error: handcuffed.get_mob_overlay: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:646:error: r_hand.get_mob_overlay: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\human\update_icons.dm:660:error: l_hand.get_mob_overlay: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\brain\life.dm:96:error: config.health_threshold_dead: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\resist.dm:23:error: V.manual_unbuckle: undefined type: V.manual_unbuckle
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\resist.dm:107:error: N.escape_net: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:552:warning: holo: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\ai.dm:555:warning: choice: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\malf.dm:65:error: research.process: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\malf.dm:67:error: research.process: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\ai\death.dm:17:warning: card: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\life.dm:85:error: config.health_threshold_dead: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\life.dm:196:error: config.health_threshold_dead: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:517:warning: WT: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:559:warning: C: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:671:warning: U: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\robot.dm:1135:warning: D: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\decoy\life.dm:5:error: config.health_threshold_dead: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\simple_animal.dm:108:error: Net.escape_net: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\simple_animal.dm:107:warning: Net: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\simple_animal.dm:260:error: user.zone_sel.selecting: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\simple_animal\friendly\mushroom.dm:53:error: config.maximum_mushrooms: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:358:error: shooter:zone_sel.selecting: undefined var
code\modules\mob\living\living.dm:357:warning: shooter: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:363:warning: new: This appears like the old syntax for new().  The type is now passed like this: new Type(args).  You can leave out the type if assigning a variable of the same type.
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:377:warning: new: This appears like the old syntax for new().  The type is now passed like this: new Type(args).  You can leave out the type if assigning a variable of the same type.
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:395:warning: new: This appears like the old syntax for new().  The type is now passed like this: new Type(args).  You can leave out the type if assigning a variable of the same type.
code\modules\mob\living\living_defense.dm:402:error: lava_act: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\new_player\new_player.dm:503:error: config.use_cortical_stacks: undefined var
code\modules\mob\mob.dm:1172:error: is_fluid_pushable: undefined proc
code\datums\datacore.dm:230:warning: hair_style: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\silicon\robot\drone\drone_manufacturer.dm:110:error: config.use_age_restriction_for_jobs: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\general\02_body.dm:474:warning: S: variable defined but not used
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:252:warning: new: This appears like the old syntax for new().  The type is now passed like this: new Type(args).  You can leave out the type if assigning a variable of the same type.
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:244:warning: UWD: variable defined but not used
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:246:warning: UW: variable defined but not used
code\modules\client\preferences.dm:259:warning: mark_datum: variable defined but not used
code\modules\species\station\lizard.dm:48:error: : expected a constant expression
code\modules\species\species.dm:573:warning: shoes: variable defined but not used
code\modules\reagents\Chemistry-Holder.dm:75:error: my_atom.atom_flags: undefined var
code\game\objects\items\weapons\handcuffs.dm:41:warning: G: variable defined but not used
code\modules\tables\interactions.dm:82:error: affect_grab: undefined proc
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\resist.dm:22:warning: V: variable defined but not used
code\modules\mob\living\carbon\resist.dm:106:warning: N: variable defined but not used
cev_eris.dmb - 100 errors, 159 warnings (10/18/18 9:03 am) (max count reached)
Total time: 0:29
